Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: getting us back into talk are five days ago you laugh terroir Carola with have Darren has been to four years heading into the desert to investigate the rumors that Alaska had brought back of orcs scouting knowles on the move, perhaps other stranger things out east.
Timothy Sackton: With Caroline defended by the Center ours and vulnerable refugee population swelling and toker.
Timothy Sackton: Have Dar.
Timothy Sackton: insisted that a good offensive, the best Defense and so with him in the desert, you went.
Timothy Sackton: Three days ago you arrived in the room in the town of basketball a small agricultural village southeast of terroir in the shadow of the giant red may so that looms over the desert here.
Timothy Sackton: In Boston you that you found a young monk amo I missed I have beach.
Timothy Sackton: who had been in town over a week helping the souls of the dead left by the knoll attack to find peace and rest in the afterlife.
Timothy Sackton: After driving off some giant vultures that were angling to snap some of the decomposing bodies that amo had recently on earth, you spoke with him, where you learn that his master's.
Timothy Sackton: Poverty and offer os lived on the edge of the desert, and so in house to the southeast of bus.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving half those band you decide to travel with almost to as masters house to learn what you could from them.
Timothy Sackton: After a.
Timothy Sackton: questionably unnecessary fight with some augers just trying to eat some rotting meat in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: You.
Timothy Sackton: continued to this stone House and as our session begins you're walking up a rocky slope towards a sprawling one start story House made of stacked stands down breaks humbly and in Congress in the dry barren landscape.
Timothy Sackton: The stretch scratching of chickens and the occasional bleat.
Timothy Sackton: Of a goat breaks the silence of the late afternoon sun that's casting a warm glow over the stones of the House.
Timothy Sackton: standing in the doorway is your approach are two old men.
Timothy Sackton: Both are wearing loose fitting white robes.
Timothy Sackton: Wine a bit younger is ball ball, the other is slightly older with clothes crop Gray hair both have lined weathered and deeply 10 faces.
Timothy Sackton: As you reach the door on island lean.
Timothy Sackton: They look over you eyes resting lingering on dealt with, in particular, and the baldwin begins to speak.
Timothy Sackton: says, I am Papa This is my companion of us what an unusual crowd to find traveling in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome to our home, please come in.
Timothy Sackton: Almost a to their horses and bring us tea when that is done.
Timothy Sackton: Any then turns to lead you inside the.
Timothy Sackton: entryway of of this House too small sitting area cushions arranged on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And gestures to you.
Timothy Sackton: Please introduce yourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last question again just said, everyone wants more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These two guys are guys that found that with.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't know.
Timothy Sackton: there's not sure, but.
Timothy Sackton: It seems likely.
Mike Sackton: that's what almost seems to imply yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But does do Dave react into it at the end of the last session didn't you say they reacted a certain way when they saw dollar.
Timothy Sackton: yeah they they were.
Timothy Sackton: they've looked at him with familiarity I mean or any way they looked at him longer than the rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: And they didn't like you know say now, like many people do.
Timothy Sackton: Like dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And, and again, this is the House that was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That a lush saw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And there was empty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're living there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah the goats and chickens are there, there were no uh well.
Timothy Sackton: Right food, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We had.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we had kind of thought, like Oh, is this actually where god's I dust mother lived that was like one thought that we had had but that's like that's not the case.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right Okay, is there anything else, we need to know or just like just about our characters and so like what our characters doing here now where we were here because.
Eric Rosenbaum: We were going to go as hopped are, but now we went.
Eric Rosenbaum: and followed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right because we thought that there's information that can help us understand what happened at dulles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah okay so that's like the primary reason why we're here.
Rev. David (he/him): And the hope them is to link back up with our somewhere, further to the east.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and you have well be has a map and notes for how to get home after I was heading to.
Timothy Sackton: A Canyon with a spring in that and a small always S, where he was going to make base camp and then.
Timothy Sackton: sentence scouts out and you have directions to get to that camp it's probably a two or three day journey from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But isn't that where we killed, where we killed the owners, the Canyon spring in it.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there are several canyons with springs in them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
Everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully, no.
Timothy Sackton: That was, I mean that oh God that was a very small like barely spring this is like more hot I was heading as more of a always us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so that's where we unnecessarily murdered a bunch of bloggers who.
Eric Rosenbaum: tried to eat us but.
Timothy Sackton: To be fair, they did want to eat, while be pretty badly.
Rev. David (he/him): Right, I was nothing but respectful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true you did that's right, you were you were you were like Okay, I take it all back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, they were just hungry and like handling so okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm oriented.
Eric Rosenbaum: cool.
Rev. David (he/him): To go piece for every time i've heard someone say that.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, well, people will take off take off my Pack and put down my bow and quiver and sort by the door and take a seat on one of the cushions and say well be good bro, thank you for your hospitality.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm secret I keep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Charging.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will sort of stay standing looking at them for a minute and say.
Mike Sackton: I do not, I mean I, this is where I don't remember these people at all right.
Timothy Sackton: Now you don't remember these people at all, you have you sort of vaguely remember the outskirts of Carson and then.
Timothy Sackton: wandering in the desert but you're not sure how you got the.
Timothy Sackton: The almost 200 miles from Carson to Denmark you don't have memories of that journey.
Mike Sackton: I am dealt with, I.
Mike Sackton: hear from.
Mike Sackton: amo.
Mike Sackton: That we might have met before.
Timothy Sackton: That they sort of look at each other i'm.
Timothy Sackton: An offer as who's the Papas the baldwin office with short Gray hair.
Timothy Sackton: step forward and there's this glance glance box at at Papa and.
Timothy Sackton: You know they seem to be sort of trying to decide something silently and then turns to you and says.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, you look.
Timothy Sackton: You look better.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: looks up looks across it you hear about the same height.
Timothy Sackton: But it is definitely the same face.
Timothy Sackton: Less.
Timothy Sackton: Not so close to death.
Timothy Sackton: or so.
Timothy Sackton: pale.
Timothy Sackton: The month of.
Timothy Sackton: brought you healing I am glad to see.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of looks back at at Papa.
Timothy Sackton: Do you.
Timothy Sackton: Would you like to to rest.
Timothy Sackton: Can we help you with anything.
Timothy Sackton: hey i'm doing.
Mike Sackton: I am overcome with curiosity as to.
Mike Sackton: How you found me and.
Mike Sackton: Where I went when I left here.
Timothy Sackton: We did not know where you went you.
Timothy Sackton: You hardly spoke you.
Timothy Sackton: You seemed determined to get away from something.
Timothy Sackton: Something in the East.
Timothy Sackton: And after.
Timothy Sackton: resting a day and part of a night here.
Timothy Sackton: You you got up and you snuck out heading West somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: We found you about 20 miles east of here nearly nearly dead in the desert wandering in circles, no food no water dying of thirst.
Timothy Sackton: muttering something and in in Elvis I believe in some language, we do not know.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: While we cannot leave you to die.
Timothy Sackton: But you did not seem to want to stay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you remember any of this.
Mike Sackton: Nothing.
Mike Sackton: I recall Carson briefly.
Timothy Sackton: You mentioned nothing and Carson before.
Timothy Sackton: That, that is.
Timothy Sackton: That is over 100 miles east of here.
Timothy Sackton: must have traveled quite a distance, with no food no supplies.
Timothy Sackton: walking in the desert before we found you.
Timothy Sackton: Almost 100 miles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game, can we pull up in that we're gonna be me kind of.
Mike Sackton: Nuts on that role 20.
Timothy Sackton: you're on the map on raw 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the place that he's talking about 100 miles in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right I get there.
Timothy Sackton: At some F calibrated So if you go to the ruler one foot equals one mile.
Eric Rosenbaum: slick.
Timothy Sackton: And the red dot.
Timothy Sackton: That that's where the red.is where you are now right.
Timothy Sackton: The blue square with the X, is where.
Timothy Sackton: i'm where our car door is.
Mike Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: And that's Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Carson is the name of that the fortress then.
Timothy Sackton: The fortress thing yeah great.
Timothy Sackton: It was once a major done Marty city.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it possible to will be that someone could travel that distance through this terrain and not like automatically die on the way.
Good question.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: 100 miles would not be easy it's not completely impossible for a you know somebody who's.
Timothy Sackton: You know who was probably not a human, but an alpha maybe right somebody who has some you know a little bit of a supernatural boost.
Timothy Sackton: But you wouldn't certainly you wouldn't be able to go much further than that and.
Timothy Sackton: That even 100 miles feels like it would have been.
Timothy Sackton: unnaturally I mean that's difficult in this terrain you'd have to have had some sense of where you were going anyway.
Mike Sackton: it's.
Mike Sackton: you're fairly far out from anything here, yes.
Timothy Sackton: We are.
Timothy Sackton: That is our way.
Timothy Sackton: have been for many years.
Rev. David (he/him): You keep from getting murdered, like every week.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean we just killed three augers like an hour ago.
Timothy Sackton: They they sort of look at each other and.
Timothy Sackton: You know Papa puts his hand on his head and address begins to speak it.
Timothy Sackton: For many years.
Timothy Sackton: These lands were quiet.
Timothy Sackton: I won't say.
Timothy Sackton: safe.
Timothy Sackton: And certainly not peaceful.
Timothy Sackton: More empty than anything else.
Timothy Sackton: That has changed.
Timothy Sackton: Things that are worse.
Timothy Sackton: But how do we avoid.
Timothy Sackton: being murdered.
Timothy Sackton: When necessary we.
Timothy Sackton: We banish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do you do that.
Timothy Sackton: Note no tricks he taps his foot on the.
Timothy Sackton: Now you can hear hollow floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very good.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: avoiding conflict is the best we can do to.
Timothy Sackton: carry out our mission.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or there.
Rev. David (he/him): will be sort of pauses that have lost lost in thought for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And when we were younger perhaps things were different.
Timothy Sackton: But it's been many long years now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there tunnels.
Timothy Sackton: Not very far.
Eric Rosenbaum: You mentioned a mission.
Mike Sackton: We didn't amo explain some of this to us right.
Like there's yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'ma explained a little bit right.
Timothy Sackton: That the.
Timothy Sackton: So these are like the monks have have have beast man who was like the matriarchal founder of have done morrow the country and they're like mission is to.
Timothy Sackton: travel across the lake wastes and find people who were never buried never put to rest and see that their souls make it to the gods safely so that's what that was almost purpose in pursuit of was to.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, create the dead, so their souls could rest.
Timothy Sackton: And there were many, many people who died after the Great War many done Marty.
Timothy Sackton: unmarked and I noticed in the blast planes in the desolation of shimada, and so this order of monks has take it upon themselves to.
Timothy Sackton: Travel and find those people and see what they can do for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: There any bloodlines in this area.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not here.
Mike Sackton: What do you know of Carson.
Mike Sackton: middle of the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: They they look at each other again.
Timothy Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: And and sort of look over you.
Timothy Sackton: The four of you.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: say.
Timothy Sackton: We are not.
Timothy Sackton: On trusting, but I would learn more of your purpose here.
Timothy Sackton: Before we speak too much of.
Timothy Sackton: The past and.
Timothy Sackton: Our people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There are many mysteries we're trying to unravel have you seen in the in the past months past however long strange beasts to commingle and corruption in the nature we've seen any evidence of this.
Timothy Sackton: Strange beasts.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there were some.
Timothy Sackton: That we.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we know of we knew of creatures.
Timothy Sackton: seemed more dead than alive.
Timothy Sackton: dog like almost.
Timothy Sackton: traveling into the desert traveling South West of here.
Timothy Sackton: They were.
Timothy Sackton: Not like anything i'd seen since, perhaps, since my younger days anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you mind and i'm assuming a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret doesn't already had is like 3D map, you know of the area.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To do you mind if you remember where where you saw these creatures and when you saw them we've they've been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Attacking and causing tremendous distress in the north of here, as you may have heard word.
Mike Sackton: mean, these are the same ones we somebody else told us about these right.
Mike Sackton: Oh gosh.
Mike Sackton: The nose, head of the half dead knowles heading out into the desert.
Timothy Sackton: yeah these are these red lines on the map.
Rev. David (he/him): The arrows pointing Southwest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so they're just confirming what we.
are well yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah some what what is there to the southwest is there a abandoned Fort old town sacred site if they were going somewhere where would they be going.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps the dust mother.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps you know of her.
Mike Sackton: you've heard rumors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can you tell us about the dust bother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that the dust mother is also somehow involved in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever is going on in the land.
Mike Sackton: Do you know.
Mike Sackton: Why it's been less quiet.
Timothy Sackton: At this moment i'm amo walks in with some key and and sets it down serves out iced tea to all of you and.
Timothy Sackton: Papa says.
Timothy Sackton: A moment, let us.
Timothy Sackton: Let us take refreshment and hear something.
Timothy Sackton: of you.
Timothy Sackton: I would know what you are doing in the desert, we would an obvious jumps in yes, we would.
Timothy Sackton: hear your story before we speak on such topics.
Timothy Sackton: All we know of you is that you are traveling with.
Timothy Sackton: God with with this Alf who.
Timothy Sackton: And they both look at each other again.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: opera says sort of nods and they exchanged your luck in office gets.
Timothy Sackton: An alpha who did not come to us in the most.
Timothy Sackton: favorable of circumstances and left in the night.
Timothy Sackton: you've arrived with all, which is why we were here.
Timothy Sackton: To meet you and he seems to be quite taken with you.
Timothy Sackton: But I would hear your something of your story before.
Timothy Sackton: We continue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So kenzo again to my century message.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I see that at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tons of is kind of looks over at Papa, in particular the boulder baldwin and it's just can you can tell like Kansas kind of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Entering like a state of like extreme like presidents and awareness is just very calmly, you know kind of sitting and.
You know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks that looks at Papa and omnivorous.
Timothy Sackton: So RS got up and it's gone out of the room with me so that's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It looks that looks at Papa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of our journeys here, I think, had been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you've been brought together by some very strange circumstances.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like comes up like laughing generously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know for myself, I have i've traveled here as.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Studying studying on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Studying the law of vehicle studying on the ways of laca she couldn't trying to understand more about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other planes of consciousness about dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I came to this area and carwash.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Seeking knowledge seeking more wisdom and understanding, and when I arrived just when I first encountered my companions were on Carla was was being laid siege by these beasts that you described and we rally to the to the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a way, we've been reacting we've been we've been forced to just react to these situations that have been unfolding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We went north to ravens whole to search to try to understand the source of where these beasts came from, we heard word from a variety of sources of different corruption that was spreading across the land.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we've now seen some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: horrible things there's something very unstable about the land and not just this material plan something about the very nature of the fabric of our reality is being impacted the man is coming from other planes other dimensions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we know that they're got the dust mother, we believe, plays a role somehow in what's unfolding we still don't understand the depths of who is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who or what is behind these disturbances and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speaking only for myself, I I know i'm looking for answers, and I think we've been searching together try to understand more.
Timothy Sackton: As you've been talking he's been sort of staring intently at kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And he says.
Timothy Sackton: You are very strong young one.
Timothy Sackton: You are.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you come by these.
Timothy Sackton: The site, you have.
Timothy Sackton: I have not seen one with your power for many years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 is Papa You see, like a particular.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: branch of the mist I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guess you have to you know.
Timothy Sackton: You don't I mean you don't know anything about the Miss die of of benchmarks up for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The schema.
Timothy Sackton: hospital association is that oh that's right that's you're asking finished my.
Timothy Sackton: bachelor's she's like the matriarch of the donmar Ian is like the you know the.
Timothy Sackton: One Who collects all the people to her in the afterlife she's like a demigod she was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's like.
Timothy Sackton: Honestly bish my is the mother of sure Kuhn, with laca who's chickens Father right she's like the you know mortal.
Timothy Sackton: Okay partner of lock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right.
Timothy Sackton: And then supposedly was you know.
Timothy Sackton: became worshiped and acquired some demigod powers after her death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shorts yes very good point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To do I mean he's he's old he's much older right.
Timothy Sackton: Like us, yeah he's like 17.
Timothy Sackton: Both of them are in their 70s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean i'm also saying to like like this is like potential mentor type of guy right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, possibly.
Interesting oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyways yeah so so kenza just sort of smiles and thank you for your kind words, I certainly feel very much a novice in the way, but certainly over the past number of years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm still trying to unravel and understand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My place in this reality be honest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think, each of us is seeking something slightly different along those lines, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is part of why I travel on here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And perhaps there's much that I am we can learn you.
Mike Sackton: Know Fo sort of look up.
Mike Sackton: In this sort of pause and say, well, for my part.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Mike Sackton: What feels like only a few years ago.
Mike Sackton: me and a number of my people decided that.
Mike Sackton: Our time of isolation and.
Mike Sackton: Keeping to ourselves must be over for often kinds to make its way in the world, and so.
Mike Sackton: We left the forests to fight.
And the great evil.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: It seems to me that battle is not yet over.
Mike Sackton: And so.
Mike Sackton: I have not yet returned home, I am not sure I even know where my home is now.
Mike Sackton: There is much help the younger races.
Mike Sackton: need at times.
Mike Sackton: I believe the elves can help and master.
Timothy Sackton: As as you're speaking aldworth comes back and he's he's carrying.
Timothy Sackton: Something heavy with him, like in a large sack and he.
Timothy Sackton: Then looks at at Papa Papa sort of slowly nods and he's and then turns to you and says, you say you are.
Timothy Sackton: You are you are, you were fighting against the great evolution about the shadow dragon.
Timothy Sackton: How do you explain this than.
Timothy Sackton: An offer as dumps out of this burlap sack a Alvin breastplate like your Armor from your army days, but there is.
Timothy Sackton: shadows sort of collecting and bellowing off of that gathering around that there seems to be some black piece of metal fuse to the front of the Blessed pay pray and like as you watch like the shadows seem to coalesce and then like billowing around at.
Timothy Sackton: We believe this was yours.
What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God I.
Eric Rosenbaum: My first reaction actually is to like scramble around a mamba positions to try to find the purple goggles and i'm like.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I eventually get them on and said I can have a look.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: does appear to be mine.
Mike Sackton: I have no.
Mike Sackton: memory.
Mike Sackton: of it.
Mike Sackton: That is the Armor I wore.
Mike Sackton: a slightly different form the last battle I fought.
Mike Sackton: Some.
Mike Sackton: Great.
Mike Sackton: We were we were surrounded by what seemed like 10s of thousands of hop goblins very few of us survived.
Mike Sackton: In the aftermath of that bought battle I.
Mike Sackton: went elsewhere, I cannot explain it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The implications here are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rather terrifying.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, the looks from one person to another clearly aware something deep is going on here that he does not understand this is.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Rev. David (he/him): What is this.
Rev. David (he/him): What are the implications.
Rev. David (he/him): Whatever we looking at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with this, do you not remember certain parts of your past because were you fighting on the wrong side.
Timothy Sackton: As far as you know, the only thing you don't remember is you remember flashes of the journey you remember walking in the desert you remember, leaving Carson and heading last you don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: You just remember bits and flashes you remember.
Timothy Sackton: You know stumbling on the outskirts of of you know of like shepherds.
Timothy Sackton: camp south of fast food you remember, like heat and you know the sensation of thirst and hunger.
Timothy Sackton: But as far as you can tell it couldn't have been more than a week or something that you don't remember.
Timothy Sackton: From when you landed right from our annual Member landing and Carson to when your memory sort of clears up when you met the the when you arrived at the shepherd's camp.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: There was very little time I I lost.
Mike Sackton: No more than a week, perhaps last I remember the heat of the desert and thirst.
Mike Sackton: I can't remember walking or or how I made it from place to place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dealt with, I mean for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10s of was like debating how how strict how much to say in front of in front of us it kind of stops, but he wants to say some more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is not it's not gonna ask more right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is inching closer to the Armor with my goggles.
awkwardly.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So Sao Paulo turns and looks at you, and it says this.
Timothy Sackton: We do not know how to explain us.
Timothy Sackton: It is clearly of Alvin make.
But.
Timothy Sackton: These shadows do not feel out.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is actually.
Timothy Sackton: Literally your Armor you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, and as the.
Mike Sackton: delta walk towards it, yes, this.
Mike Sackton: I recall, when this was made this was made.
Mike Sackton: In the years before the Great War.
Mike Sackton: For me, it is my Armor I wore it in the battles.
Mike Sackton: The end of the great war.
Eric Rosenbaum: But there's been something added to or want to find about.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's not it's more of that there's like a part there's like a line down the middle that's been dark and.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's all it's I don't know it's been like you know Polish steel right nice it's Alvin so it's Nice, the work it's pretty it probably is designs edge down to it, except that there's this.
Timothy Sackton: Line down the middle that's been dark and that's just black.
Rev. David (he/him): Thanks a lot, I found this.
Timothy Sackton: Not i'm not not like like it looks it looks almost like something was some other kind of metal was put there and fuse to.
Timothy Sackton: They did not say where they found that but they seem to assume it's associated with our.
Rev. David (he/him): Words where'd you find this.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: was wearing it when we found him in the desert.
Rev. David (he/him): deal with not wearing it now.
Timothy Sackton: We were concerned that the shadows, maybe making him delirious.
Timothy Sackton: He seemed.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if contaminated is the right word.
Timothy Sackton: something about these shadows seem connected to him.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: concerned.
Timothy Sackton: So we've removed the Armor and he seems to have laughed without it.
Mike Sackton: Not.
Mike Sackton: All.
Mike Sackton: shadows are.
Mike Sackton: Inserting.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Mike Sackton: May I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was you're on roads like this that was.
Mike Sackton: Well, this part pointing at the black thing in the middle is new.
Mike Sackton: I dealt with a walk towards it and West, they like say.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody nobody's going to interfere.
Mike Sackton: pick it up.
Timothy Sackton: and send your message.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm so setting all with now.
Rev. David (he/him): he's got a sudden bad intuition i'm going to stand up and.
Rev. David (he/him): step out of the room and say that i'm going to tend to the animals.
Rev. David (he/him): With my.
Eric Rosenbaum: little boy.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you see dealt with just like.
Mike Sackton: Almost go.
Mike Sackton: Like he just seems very distant for a moment.
Mike Sackton: I need a second God.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gonna put this Armor on and like start killing all of us.
Rev. David (he/him): not me.
Timothy Sackton: Not not.
Timothy Sackton: Not well they.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean they hadn't happened before.
Mike Sackton: Ah.
Mike Sackton: OK so i'm dealt with walks very sort of gift in for a moment and slightly.
Mike Sackton: Slightly like almost you almost see.
Mike Sackton: One second.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait you're just walking near it yeah and put it on yet right.
Mike Sackton: I just I watched it I picked it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: not wearing.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was there directly happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just saying like.
Timothy Sackton: Probably is not even in there that's why i'll be dialing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh good okay good bit kinds of dealt with is this wise for you to touch this should we should we investigate this a little bit more before you what if it's first What if what if there's something wrong with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm not sure where it should we.
Mike Sackton: call that once I get so go with.
Mike Sackton: hold that one i'm just typing something with him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it was like very alarmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The secret secret here for the goggles if you find the damn goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I.
Timothy Sackton: got them out.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm like i've got my face and inch away from the Armor with the goggles on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you.
Timothy Sackton: mean okay ah so.
Timothy Sackton: seeker making our kind of check with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my jam.
Mike Sackton: So yeah don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: know, then it was good there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: he sees here's some deleted xp squawks from.
Timothy Sackton: Here you're here, no not xp you hear the ah, of a Hawk.
Oh.
Mike Sackton: So i'm.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will pick up the Armor.
Mike Sackton: And, as he turns back, he was almost peaceful or not peaceful exactly but like.
Mike Sackton: Accepting like oh sort of this is.
Mike Sackton: Why he's understood something and and in his.
Mike Sackton: In his other he's holding the arm one hand is his other hand, yeah he sort of.
Mike Sackton: A a very small like clearly not threatening but a shadow knife appears in his hand and then disappears, but it looks very similar to the darkness right the dark thing, like the weapon he summons when he fights yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's a black shadow long sword right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Exactly yes.
Mike Sackton: And he says.
Mike Sackton: This has been part of me for some time.
Mike Sackton: is not new.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't.
Mike Sackton: I don't know where.
Mike Sackton: I don't.
Mike Sackton: know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you have these abilities before you were.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In that place.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: But it has not led me astray so far.
Mike Sackton: it's not.
Mike Sackton: Whatever this.
Mike Sackton: Whatever this shadow is that.
Mike Sackton: guides my.
Satan.
Mike Sackton: Powers my.
Mike Sackton: What weapon again like a like a weapon into.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: Not working against us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker do you can you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell us, do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where this when you summon your your your abilities, when you free and your Armor do you know the source of the shadow, you know if it's connected to the plan of magic or from someplace else where strong its energy from.
Mike Sackton: Do you not know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret can you can you divine this.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I can do kenzo let's make an entry into my book abundance or questions specifically about this area which we have not yet investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a good question you're raising very good question, the thing that i'm a little concerned about is the implication of the connection to check out here.
Eric Rosenbaum: That I don't understand.
Mike Sackton: I don't think that this is definitely not connected to.
It.
Mike Sackton: I guess.
Mike Sackton: It feels very different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you fought your mother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You did you have you have these abilities.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: They helped me escape the realm I was in.
Mike Sackton: Does not never help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: TIM is there, so okay Meta game question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like magic items like our magic items like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like like energy or somehow from the planet magic like fucking you know, like energy comes from there and somehow manifests into objects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I what i'm asking is like, is there a way to like trace the energy from from from Dell with Armor to like whatever plane were from which it came if it's like is there still a tether basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: really know so.
Eric Rosenbaum: So um.
Timothy Sackton: But usually magic items, would I mean depends on the magic item but usually you would it would be like you know cut a string and tie a non right, so the The item is no longer right no longer needs to be done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know.
Timothy Sackton: tied to the place where the energy comes from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What i'm asking is is like is dealt with when he, like pulls out his sword, is he actually like connected to another plane and it's actually pulling energy from there somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And thus i'm kind of cut a positive, is it either connected to the place that he used to be that was nowhere, or is it connected to weird demon planes that are like you know, is he actually like kind of drawing from those places to you know.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know it's not clear down with really noisy there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, so see you know, like I forget, if this is this is, in our private chat or This is just part of the other thing but it's not like you're saying that like like I think like kenza could see like tethers right he could see like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah others between like I think was like the demons or whatever you could see.
Timothy Sackton: ya there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like was that, like, and so this again goes back to like plan of souls versus planning.
Timothy Sackton: So, so the the idea behind the tethers is that you can it gives you some sense of things that are from another plane right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but this is like more plan of souls not playing magic.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's more plan of souls, and you can you can sometimes get a sense that somebody.
Timothy Sackton: That their souls home is not here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay okay so.
Timothy Sackton: But that doesn't necessarily tell you where magic comes from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so back to our cosmology for a moment Eric leaker it's like material plane plane of souls Glenda magic and, like the stuff that's in the middle of the ice cream sandwich.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think like 10s of is like very interested in the tethers and the connections between like planes of souls, and the material world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like basically our like hopefully as we become more powerful it's like can you can you actually divine if, like these items, or if it dealt with this drawing from like some other plane that's, on the other side of the sandwich you know what I mean like can you actually see that.
Timothy Sackton: So, possibly, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Raw powerful.
Timothy Sackton: podcasters can do lots of things and have lots of power, but this is outside of anything that you are like aware of is easy to do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so i'm back back in game um so so Paul has been watching and, as he watches down with.
Timothy Sackton: turns as sort of.
Timothy Sackton: him in office nodded each other and they sort of class arms for a minute and says.
Timothy Sackton: It does not seem evil, you are right.
Timothy Sackton: We were concerned, but your.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever your.
Timothy Sackton: The terror, we saw on your face.
Timothy Sackton: When we found you.
Timothy Sackton: is gone and has not returned.
Timothy Sackton: Is not this Armor, it is not the shadows and did you are you like putting on the Armor.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so as ours is putting on the Armor it seems like he's able to like control the shadows some.
Mike Sackton: Down i'll turn them off if I can okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can so the shadows fade and disappear as dealt with puts on the Armor.
whoa.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: I think my concerns are satisfied.
Eric Rosenbaum: With what's the mark.
mark.
Eric Rosenbaum: On your breastplate they're.
Mike Sackton: Just the fish market.
Timothy Sackton: Know there's like a there's a piece, now that that you've turned off the shadows, you can see that it's almost like a piece of dark metal.
Timothy Sackton: that's been subtly embedded in the middle of the breastplate so it's with the shadows off now it's clear that it's it's been done artfully and it doesn't look bad, but it's a different kind of metal there's some darker metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's about eye level to me for both standing right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it's like awkwardly close like what is that, though, if.
Mike Sackton: I do not know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clearly, the original manufacturing arm did not include.
Mike Sackton: They did not.
Eric Rosenbaum: This this type of marketing, so it was added later.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it um.
Rev. David (he/him): overlaid inlaid or like a film does it go all the way through to the backside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's a breastplate right so it's like you know Armor it's functional Armor it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the.
Timothy Sackton: On the.
Eric Rosenbaum: On top.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, so it's not pulling in like where the sword that killed dealt with went through as breastplate.
Timothy Sackton: No doubt that was not killed by a sword he didn't die.
Timothy Sackton: He was the lag so I.
Still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a shadow I thought he was an undead shadow health is not conclusion that we're drawing here.
Rev. David (he/him): But if no evidence to be isn't.
Timothy Sackton: You come back.
Timothy Sackton: While be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Under the shadow alphabet robot.
So.
Timothy Sackton: I am willing to speak i'm willing to answer your questions, if you would ask them, I may have some of my own, for we do not always get news from the West.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, well we're just gonna punch right in recklessly and he'll say kendra said that the magical wall of protection that kept Dunbar shielded has fallen, what can you tell us about that.
Timothy Sackton: He looks surprised.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was like.
Timothy Sackton: That is great news.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you, nothing of the cause.
Timothy Sackton: Is this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We wonder if the dust and others involved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can you tell us of the desk better.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: How to describe her.
Timothy Sackton: We try to avoid that area.
Timothy Sackton: Those who.
Timothy Sackton: die.
Timothy Sackton: In her.
Timothy Sackton: clutches rarely have souls left to save.
Timothy Sackton: To begin with.
Timothy Sackton: She is.
Timothy Sackton: She has misery incarnate.
Timothy Sackton: does not seem like something she would do, though, to.
Timothy Sackton: She has never sought conquest or territory.
Timothy Sackton: She has sought to make everybody's lives just a little bit worse.
Timothy Sackton: But we are not.
Timothy Sackton: Experts.
Timothy Sackton: In the workings of such creatures and maybe something has changed Maybe she she made a bargain.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe there was something she wanted to enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: we've heard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tell that she wants revenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: vengeance for the defeat of allies and the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: That could be I mean.
Timothy Sackton: We always thought she was just evil.
Timothy Sackton: But maybe her cruelty is.
Timothy Sackton: Driven by.
Timothy Sackton: A desire for.
Timothy Sackton: revenge.
Timothy Sackton: it's possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: But who might she have made a bargain with.
Eric Rosenbaum: who's in a position to do her a favor.
Timothy Sackton: As we said.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: They sort of again look over each other, their.
Timothy Sackton: Things have been bad over the past year.
Timothy Sackton: and has been.
Timothy Sackton: We came here.
Timothy Sackton: And opera sort of picks up the story here, we came here in.
Timothy Sackton: 30 more than 30 years ago now.
Timothy Sackton: We wanted a quiet life.
Timothy Sackton: Helping souls find their way, yes.
Timothy Sackton: But not bothered by the troubles of politics and war.
Timothy Sackton: And it might seem like moving to the.
Timothy Sackton: plastic planes the desolation what people call the desolation of Jamaat would not be a place you move for a quiet life but look around and was nothing can live here.
Timothy Sackton: There was.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing here I got to dust mother, yes, but.
Timothy Sackton: Honestly, she.
Timothy Sackton: keeps to herself unless you seek her out.
Timothy Sackton: or had.
Timothy Sackton: And about 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: Many in our order, but before we were even masters, when we were wanders in the desert, but just before we had settled here and we're.
Timothy Sackton: You know, achieved the status.
Timothy Sackton: Something happened many in our order died there was a.
Timothy Sackton: A plan some attempt to cleanse the land, there was somebody who.
Timothy Sackton: You know, one of the leaders.
Timothy Sackton: don't know the details, it was a.
Timothy Sackton: secret.
Timothy Sackton: Some way to remove the curse that lies over this place, but it did not work, it was.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: After that, even more so, we wanted quiet we wanted somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Just to avoid the dangers and the.
Timothy Sackton: troubles of the world and tend to the souls of those who had passed on, as was our calling.
Timothy Sackton: And for almost all of the past 30 years it has been that life.
Timothy Sackton: Few passed by here.
Timothy Sackton: We travel as we need.
Timothy Sackton: we've taken some apprentices who have gone on to be Wanderers themselves and.
Timothy Sackton: traveled through the desert.
Timothy Sackton: But soon before we found you down with.
Timothy Sackton: Something changed and Papa picks up the story here.
Timothy Sackton: don't know what it was that changed exactly but something happened in Carson.
Timothy Sackton: So, always been a haunted place so isn't a place where one does not travel.
Timothy Sackton: Because of the.
Timothy Sackton: nightmare nightmares of the mists the killing nests of the blood years.
Timothy Sackton: But it's never been a place that felt like there was an evil will at work behind.
Timothy Sackton: That changed.
Timothy Sackton: there's the orcs that live out East in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: For many years, they seemed to live quietly on their own, not what I would expect of orcs but.
Timothy Sackton: Such was their way.
Timothy Sackton: living in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: In the past year that has changed.
Timothy Sackton: they've been fighting each other.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Coming West even twice now we've had to hide from arcs.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: And not six know, maybe two months ago, a month ago.
Timothy Sackton: More adventures not done Maori people like us some maybe from charting like you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Heading east.
Timothy Sackton: claiming to.
Timothy Sackton: Be after the last treasures of the empire's of drink or in Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Much has been happening on these planes that.
Timothy Sackton: never happened before.
Timothy Sackton: It has.
Timothy Sackton: It has become quite dangerous.
Timothy Sackton: And everybody seems to be stirred up as an ant hill kicked over search searching for something.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Trojans didn't come back this way today.
Timothy Sackton: We were suspicious and did not speak to them.
Timothy Sackton: But listened from a distance cannot believe they were aware of us.
Timothy Sackton: And they have not returned.
Timothy Sackton: You saw or five of them you saw that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You said that you saw them heading east.
East.
Timothy Sackton: They I believe.
Timothy Sackton: we're heading towards the.
Timothy Sackton: towards the River now dry the cargo river which Carson sits on.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Many treasures, perhaps that are hidden South along the river that leads to drink or.
Timothy Sackton: Including.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: monastery of our order that is now too dangerous to approach on the outskirts of Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Which one some say.
Timothy Sackton: A last library from the days of drink or.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere in the desert to the south.
Eric Rosenbaum: along the river.
Timothy Sackton: along the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did they say was in the library, you know what.
Timothy Sackton: They said.
What knowledge.
Timothy Sackton: They said they spoke they seem to be concerned about.
Timothy Sackton: Seeking.
Timothy Sackton: Last artifacts of charting are artifacts that belonged to chart in artifacts of empire.
Timothy Sackton: The history of drink or that was.
Timothy Sackton: That should have gone to chart and then did not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you're saying this was documented in the library.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps, perhaps the library had information about what they were seeking perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps there was something they hope to find their itself.
Timothy Sackton: We cannot listen for too long for fear of being found.
Timothy Sackton: To old man against five adventures if they decided to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hobbit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hands or describes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Viola and then also the dead guy that we found.
Timothy Sackton: Our guess.
Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah did any of them match this description stripes the best of his ability.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean the timeline wouldn't work because.
Timothy Sackton: If this was two months ago.
Timothy Sackton: I got it so he's ready to go with was like when you are in.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's been about six weeks since you met in Kerala so Marcus would have been.
Timothy Sackton: Just about being turned us down and Viola, would have been heading North towards ravens old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Five different targeting.
Timothy Sackton: So there were five in this group, but not any that you've encountered before.
Rev. David (he/him): And they describe them to us, I don't need it right now, but just like for future reference.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you have maps of the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): Can you describe it.
Timothy Sackton: I have never been he looks over it at all for us and abras shakes his head.
Timothy Sackton: Even an obvious speak now, even when I was young and pop up kind of cuts them off, yes, even when we were young it was dangerous Carson has never been a.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much of the history of Dunbar you know.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: The River Carta just south of where Carson was founded.
Timothy Sackton: Is the place where.
Timothy Sackton: we're done mar the country of Denmark was founded when.
Timothy Sackton: mishima.
Timothy Sackton: When do you volley wept and clean the land and prayed and brought her back to life and our monastery is founded our head of our order was.
Timothy Sackton: There at that site at the very temple that.
Timothy Sackton: Fish by herself had dealt.
Timothy Sackton: But when the red mist came.
Timothy Sackton: And many died.
Timothy Sackton: It was overrun.
Timothy Sackton: And now nightmares linger there are there are few left in our order, who are strong enough.
Timothy Sackton: To return 30 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: There were many who could venture there.
Timothy Sackton: and brought knowledge, their back and.
Timothy Sackton: and forth and.
Timothy Sackton: But, after so many died 30 years ago, there are a few left now to make the journey and even fewer who would risk it, as many of us who maybe once could do it, are now old.
Timothy Sackton: and offer up avarice gives him a significant look like this has been an argument they've had many, many times.
Timothy Sackton: Or have any sort of follows up.
Timothy Sackton: Or have companions who would not let them rest their lives.
Timothy Sackton: But the history of our people.
Timothy Sackton: is written in that monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We order.
Timothy Sackton: Of the Denmark, all of us.
Timothy Sackton: The stories of everybody who lived.
Timothy Sackton: And died on this land.
Timothy Sackton: From when we arrived.
Timothy Sackton: Until 30 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that, when it was abandoned.
Timothy Sackton: wow that's when none have returned, since the breaking of our order.
Timothy Sackton: When up many most almost all of our strongest.
Timothy Sackton: All of the most advanced initiates.
Timothy Sackton: died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is what he's talking about like common knowledge, I haven't obviously know about this right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, no not at all common knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, nobody as far as like done Mario can, like most Dunbar they're concerned the like the mist I have been sort of died out at the end of the great war and there's rumors that you know there's people who will wander through and collect.
Timothy Sackton: Stories like you know you when you're in the lock and monasteries, you would have like probably maybe once met somebody who was, who was a wander of of of bish my crew calm and they listened to people and they they remember stories and they tell stories of peoples ancestors.
Timothy Sackton: And then go on, but, but nobody there's no sort of common knowledge that a.
Timothy Sackton: That the like.
Timothy Sackton: there's any sort of organization behind it people just think of them as like wandering monks right.
Timothy Sackton: So he's obviously trusting you with some.
Timothy Sackton: yeah non public knowledge here.
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry if I missed this part, but the thing that killed all these guys yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was, I was just about to ask what what was the source of the end of the order.
Timothy Sackton: We were.
Timothy Sackton: For many years after that, when we were young when I was an apprentice.
Timothy Sackton: We are order.
Timothy Sackton: became convinced.
Timothy Sackton: That the land could be healed that this curse could be lifted that grass could grow that people could live here again.
Timothy Sackton: And we thought we had.
Timothy Sackton: I guess, I was young, then I was not part of this, we thought we had found a way to.
Timothy Sackton: To do that.
Timothy Sackton: The story is.
Timothy Sackton: There was some.
Timothy Sackton: Great magic to be worked and.
Timothy Sackton: us.
Timothy Sackton: leader who would lead us into the light.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: That failed.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: All those who were involved in the attempt died.
Timothy Sackton: Only those of us who were young or too weak or.
Timothy Sackton: too cautious to.
Timothy Sackton: To try this.
Timothy Sackton: or left and some knowledge was law.
Rev. David (he/him): Where where was that, where did they try.
Timothy Sackton: East.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where exactly but East of the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: choir things always pointing to parts of the lap that don't exist.
Rev. David (he/him): At the very best parts of the map.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your favorite.
mm.
hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there, as is just sort of in general terms like oh ask them like is there a safe way to get from here to there like is there a road from here to the monastery or.
Rev. David (he/him): Like what's the way to get from here to there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stay on the map, where they think the monastery is.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so it's I mean it's it's like 10 miles south of of Carson it's like it's like right here yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mile South yeah no, we have to go.
Timothy Sackton: For like yeah it's.
Timothy Sackton: Just south of cars and, like in this area.
Timothy Sackton: let's see Hello.
Timothy Sackton: Like something like there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay cool.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this the area around Carson was kind of the Center of.
Timothy Sackton: pretty much the heart of Dunbar before.
Timothy Sackton: Before shabbat this river the river is now dry it's now a just a dusty dry riverbed but it used to be a major i'm almost like ny Alaska in a sense that it was amazing supported agriculture throughout what was not as dry, but still arid land.
Timothy Sackton: And so many of the major cities, many of the places where the done Mari actually built cities as opposed to just being.
Timothy Sackton: You know pastoralists where along in that river Valley.
Rev. David (he/him): Would would curse and then i've sort of been thinking of it as just another little like fortress in the desert would like would it be an abandoned city on the scale of like to grow or sungar I mean isn't.
Timothy Sackton: It yeah you're definitely on that scale it's a substantial city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cars audits.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it was it's it's like the, if not the biggest city in Denmark, prior to the fall, but it has perhaps the deepest history, because it was.
Timothy Sackton: The first city, it was the first.
Timothy Sackton: place where the done Mari sort of saw themselves as a people, and this is their land right.
Timothy Sackton: And they've always had this.
Timothy Sackton: connection to to fishman katana who were like the first two rulers of of the donmar a way back right after the fall drink or it sort of lost some importance.
Timothy Sackton: You know, coming up on the great war, it was not always a military Center it wasn't like the the you know, but it always had the sort of cult presence of the.
Timothy Sackton: The mist I have a beach man, who are always seen it's very important in terms of you know, telling the stories of people and keeping the memories of the country alive, and so it had it was sort of this like.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: like this almost like a sort of nationalistic kind of feeling about it like it was this.
Rev. David (he/him): it's it's the Boston have done mar.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right.
Timothy Sackton: If the Boston i've done my.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the Charles has dried up.
Timothy Sackton: But the trials with dried up yes.
Timothy Sackton: And if you try and sleep there you have nightmares of choking red mist.
Rev. David (he/him): And now, all these people from La have traveled across the country to steal stuff from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we're at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because of course that's arrives.
Rev. David (he/him): Is there anything that makes the place dangerous besides orcs.
Rev. David (he/him): What should we watch out for.
Timothy Sackton: When we go in the car son.
Timothy Sackton: There is an evil will there.
Timothy Sackton: Something.
Timothy Sackton: malevolent that was not there before what.
Timothy Sackton: I am not sure.
Mike Sackton: was not there before.
Timothy Sackton: Carson has always been hotter that has always been.
Timothy Sackton: A place.
Timothy Sackton: Of.
Timothy Sackton: of danger in that it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
Timothy Sackton: The pain of the myths and death linger is there.
Timothy Sackton: It is never felt.
Timothy Sackton: Like there is a will directing at.
Timothy Sackton: The orcs.
Timothy Sackton: seem to.
Timothy Sackton: come from there, some of them anyway, the ones who are fighting the peaceful ones.
Timothy Sackton: it's a.
Timothy Sackton: It feels.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how to describe that other than a malevolent well, we have not got close seems too dangerous.
Mike Sackton: Is this did I miss did they say this was recent or do we not.
Timothy Sackton: Know yeah they said this was recent.
Mike Sackton: Wake wake when the cocoon boundary file recent.
Timothy Sackton: Know like in the past year.
Mike Sackton: and wait When did the monastery sorry the monastery felt like.
Mike Sackton: while ago.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so there's like two bad events there's the like death of the most of the powerful people in the order 30 years ago and then in the past year, which seemed to have been associated with some attempt to do some magic that failed.
Timothy Sackton: A man in the past year there's been.
Timothy Sackton: The the area around here has gotten busy, and you know there's bit the orcs have started fighting when they used to be peaceful and you know there's something that feels evil and.
Timothy Sackton: willful in Carson instead of just randomly haunted.
Timothy Sackton: And, but nobody has been back to the monastery since all the powerful monks died, who are trying to do some magic.
Timothy Sackton: And there's turned on ian's.
Timothy Sackton: wandering around looking for artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: Really dinner time perhaps we should eat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah haha perhaps before we eat our pen our companions we can be Thank you so much for the information that you've shared, I think we need to discuss a little bit to think about what our next move should be, but you certainly give us a lot of a great deal to think about.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: They him in.
Timothy Sackton: office and Papa look at each other and and offices, I think that's our cue to leave and Papa says oh.
Timothy Sackton: Well, we can help you cook.
Timothy Sackton: i'll help us in the kitchen your dinner will be ready shortly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appreciate your hospitality.
Eric Rosenbaum: We thank you.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: twice over.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hold up my little notebook and say.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's more question new questions in here, the new answers, but a curious deal with this if you can conclude anything new now about your own story.
Mike Sackton: Conclusions, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Armor yes.
Mike Sackton: I saw something for a moment.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, some.
Mike Sackton: Some some being some creature.
Mike Sackton: That I think is.
Mike Sackton: The source of my power.
Mike Sackton: It was.
Mike Sackton: Sad.
Mike Sackton: full of water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did you see.
Mike Sackton: I touched the Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you work a way now yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Powerful creature from another plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Mike Sackton: A God I don't know.
Mike Sackton: powerful enough to.
Mike Sackton: Powerful yes, it must be.
Mike Sackton: Or, how could I.
Mike Sackton: summon its.
Mike Sackton: Energy to do what I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what do you do.
Mike Sackton: cast.
Mike Sackton: spells.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know how many of your abilities are new from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What what what are your abilities from before the war and from after your emergency from shadow plan or wherever you were.
Mike Sackton: Before the Great War I was.
Mike Sackton: I wasn't much to be honest.
Mike Sackton: I was mostly actually a quarter matches assistant, not even.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Not even a warrior though of course like like.
Mike Sackton: Like all of my browser and, at the time I had some skill, with a bow in a blade.
Eric Rosenbaum: See you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know magic.
Mike Sackton: Beyond that of my people.
Eric Rosenbaum: All of your magic powers have emerged since.
Eric Rosenbaum: You returned here in the desert.
Mike Sackton: Since I escaped to the realm I was in yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what enabled your escape was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These powers that was a part of your escape.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I believe so.
Mike Sackton: Although I cannot.
Mike Sackton: recall precisely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, presumably when you're in that other place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Someone or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gave you this Armor gave you some connection to some source of power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you still access and draw upon now.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I believe so.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you said you didn't say it was an Elf or a man or a woman or a.
Eric Rosenbaum: towards for a hassling are.
Eric Rosenbaum: You said a creature, what does that mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: does it contain four legs.
Mike Sackton: It nothing I could see so clearly is that more of a presence.
i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a voice to speaker.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a feeling of sadness.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the sadness of the loss of something.
Mike Sackton: Something yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something that can be regained.
Mike Sackton: Not now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You remember in the Armor now you remember this energy.
Timothy Sackton: You can hear you can hear i'm part of an opera cooking in the kitchen and.
Timothy Sackton: You probably don't have that much longer till they come out with dinner So if you want to discuss anything that's not that was backstory you might consider doing such a thing not to cut this off prematurely but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, what will be was high I think are way ahead is manifestly clear we traveled.
Rev. David (he/him): Across the desert to the abandoned city and monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): We link up and rescue the Chardonnay and adventures again and.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, then then swing.
Rev. David (he/him): know either further east or North East or south east or.
Mike Sackton: Wait what do we know about the the orcs they were peaceful and then have started fighting, or is there a different group.
Timothy Sackton: They were they were peaceful there were peaceful oryx living on the eastern to the east, on the edge of the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is in itself really weird.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Which is in itself pretty weird.
Timothy Sackton: And in the past year, they have started fighting each other.
Timothy Sackton: not entirely clear.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly what's happening, but works from.
Timothy Sackton: Carson seem to be the aggressors, as what.
Timothy Sackton: What a.
Mike Sackton: Papa and ourselves think.
Mike Sackton: there's some sort of malevolent creature.
Mike Sackton: In Carson who's been there for a long time, and was held at bay by the This is all just a made up theory and was held at bay by the by the monks of fish fish what's her name.
Mike Sackton: This fisherman and then, when they all died it slowly grew in strength and now a year ago it finally got strong enough to attack fish months child chicken.
Rev. David (he/him): Child soon that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: This was child sugar yes it's all connected.
Rev. David (he/him): I like that except, I think, instead of being held at bay, that in the process of trying to heal the thing 30 or 40 years ago they instead let something through or did something wrong or broke something.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like as a big part of this deal with has to be some evil shadow warrior that was possessed like what you thought you were you were you were actually like.
Mike Sackton: shadows aren't always evil.
Timothy Sackton: Meta game, I promised Mike even not be possessed by a demon.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah I promise even be possessed by something evil.
Rev. David (he/him): Like so much that this idea that like from time to time, like kenza just prepares himself to murder evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Number two.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good explicitly try to kill us when we were inside the storm giants consciousness.
Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was a lot he tried to kill us.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it was a lot, but I felt my safe in my Defense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you tried.
Rev. David (he/him): purpose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you did try.
Timothy Sackton: I was.
Timothy Sackton: That was frog are insane.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Attempting to kill you.
Mike Sackton: Right, so do we do we catch up with how far how far or do we go straight to the monastery.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait, what about fucking a goddess mother.
Mike Sackton: Oh he's a distraction.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why she distraction I.
Rev. David (he/him): Think she's an ally, though, because the starving jackal things were going to hurt like I I assume they're going to her, because they thought that there was safety by going to her, this is a lot of conjecture, but that suggests that she's allied with the other things.
Mike Sackton: I think she's just benefiting.
Mike Sackton: I think I think she's all red herring TIM put it in place to send us down the wrong path.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh he's like drinking to hide his like even a small.
Mike Sackton: But cheat.
Mike Sackton: sheet for a face, we.
Mike Sackton: gotta center's did not.
Mike Sackton: pay.
Mike Sackton: she's a fe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right she looks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like an nfc collector.
Timothy Sackton: She has a collector she you know she likes to make bargains and get things.
Mike Sackton: have been.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like an empty collector.
Mike Sackton: My impression I don't know like if there's him dealt with to know a little bit about the faith just from.
Mike Sackton: Being an hour.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean my impression is that they're not like evil masterminds they don't have that scope of desire to they're tied to like more.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if that's quite true but, like you, don't imagine the fe is being like wanting to rule the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now they just want to cause trouble.
Mike Sackton: They just want to cause trouble they're tied to emotions they're tied to.
Mike Sackton: People they want to, they want to.
Mike Sackton: They want to cause mischief but there, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, have like their own life to be the source of.
Mike Sackton: The fatal fatal go on a killing spree and destroy civilization they.
Rev. David (he/him): don't go to planning meetings other.
Rev. David (he/him): Either coordinate.
Eric Rosenbaum: With others yeah leaving open the question of why those guys we're gonna bring Bola to a gotcha right.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's like that one concrete thing that we've heard about her like of our men.
Mike Sackton: gotcha scholarly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Answers right and.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: And the Center so What was it.
Mike Sackton: it's the one clear thing except what the center's told us.
Timothy Sackton: wow and also that.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta Volvo is convinced that I gotta also wanted to find whatever last artifacts are spread around.
Eric Rosenbaum: The desert right right.
Mike Sackton: Why everybody's trying to find out the last artifacts maybe a bigger mystery, but they are preparing for some second great war that we don't know about who knows put that aside.
Mike Sackton: To all the for all the $4.
Mike Sackton: For calling tim's actually just listening to this deciding what's going to happen based.
Timothy Sackton: know I plan, this one out.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Timothy Sackton: This is even more fun when I know what's gonna happen.
Timothy Sackton: How far from here I mean I don't know what's gonna happen.
Timothy Sackton: You could screw everything in and the next campaign could be rescuing the world from some dark shadow overlord but.
Rev. David (he/him): don't.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say.
Rev. David (he/him): How far from here is a sense.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so it's that I mean you don't know exactly where it is.
Timothy Sackton: you're about halfway in between.
Timothy Sackton: Know it's a little bit closer than it's about 6060 miles 6070 miles.
Timothy Sackton: Do you don't know exactly where it is.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: But you're about you're like if you draw a line from a God to Carson your about one third of the way.
Timothy Sackton: So it's like one third is about 60 miles to a got the end about 120 miles to Carson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That says on the way to Carson or.
Timothy Sackton: Other direct your.
Timothy Sackton: God has the game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got the red splotch got it got it got it okay.
Mike Sackton: My my one thought is that is have really the kind of person who investigate peaceful orcs or will he just write them all down and killed them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All he did that.
Mike Sackton: So I wonder if we should catch up to him before it's too late to investigate learn more about what these orcs have been doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: How peaceful is peaceful when you're talking about works also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like settle down to be farmers and like learning to read and write.
Eric Rosenbaum: or something they like.
Rev. David (he/him): augers were peaceful.
I mean.
Timothy Sackton: All that that pavin offer us said was that.
Timothy Sackton: Like in the past year they've had to hide twice from work than they never had to before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right so it's.
Timothy Sackton: never been living here for 40 years 50 years.
Timothy Sackton: But 3040 years.
Timothy Sackton: So zero out of 39 compared to two out of one is statistically insignificant.
Timothy Sackton: But they don't they haven't like gone and talk to them right they just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On y'all kind i'm going to take like a like a couple minute break that's okay i'm gonna I want to go downstairs and grab some dinner for my by my folks but.
Timothy Sackton: The thing about five minute break that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah after that we're gonna figure this all out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, okay perfect.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yo.
hey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh sorry y'all hear me yep yep.
Timothy Sackton: urs good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just got some dinner so i'm going to eat dinner, and you dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so do you want to.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have anything else you want to discuss before they return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: feel free to keep talking but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well, I guess, just like Meta game are we, like so we're not we're not going to go look at it got that does mother.
Eric Rosenbaum: confusing.
Mike Sackton: I think we stick to the original plan, which was to stop it on her on the way back.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah I wasn't like I think what we would have preferred to stop in on the way out, but now that we're here, it seems like backtracking to go.
Rev. David (he/him): West before going east, on the other hand it doesn't feel great to sort of advance into enemy territory, you know with an outpost like behind us.
Rev. David (he/him): You know, rather than sort of clearing as we go.
Mike Sackton: Well, we like.
Mike Sackton: problem in the middle of Caroline.
Rev. David (he/him): As if we want to worry about what's by death yeah we would say that again.
Mike Sackton: Did we we've kind of been Carola had like a giant missing void, where she cocoon is supposed to be in the temple of cocoon is inhabited by some.
Mike Sackton: Who knows what something bad the Center will weave because they think terrible evil is going to break out from it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I think I think I think Mike you're like you're getting at the Meta game that's happening, which I think it's like you know the fucking those gods there's some shit going on with those gods and i'm with that with the um with where you're going with this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like the whole chicken fish ma like there's some like fucking done been done more, a God thing happening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I spent a lot of time making up the jabari god's to they're.
Mike Sackton: definitely important.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think you're onto the cloud man.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's also possibly have that all backwards in some way like.
Mike Sackton: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's other gods.
Mike Sackton: yeah but it feels significant that chicken is.
Mike Sackton: Fish was child right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems important yes.
Mike Sackton: Though, so I think we either go to the monastery or we go catch up with top down.
Rev. David (he/him): I think, between those two options will be would put in this this most strenuous possible pitch to go to the monastery first does have they're like we've met him already he's gonna have some horses they're gonna kill some people like but them an abandoned monastery next to a dead city.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: dealt with is is interested in returning to God, I said man, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could go straight for that library.
Eric Rosenbaum: less dangerous.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's go to the monastery.
Eric Rosenbaum: library view many.
Timothy Sackton: library is like rumors of something but it's.
Timothy Sackton: You probably don't have supplies to get to the library.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you don't even know.
Timothy Sackton: Where it is it's south.
Mike Sackton: that's the library.
Timothy Sackton: Now a dry river.
Timothy Sackton: yeah into the deepest hardest part of the desert in the.
Timothy Sackton: approaching the hardest part of the dry season.
Timothy Sackton: So not likely, you would have I mean you have have Darren left you with supplies.
Timothy Sackton: Enough more than enough to get to his camp.
Timothy Sackton: You can obviously restock here, you should be fine to get to the monastery which is not that much further than his camp.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: It would be you need to come up with some way to survive in the desert for weeks if you weren't to go searching for the last library.
Mike Sackton: And then we go to the monastery first.
Mike Sackton: And then there will find thing that tells us how to survive in the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will will will become undead prison.
Mike Sackton: Then we'll be fine, because once we're dead we won't.
Mike Sackton: care about the heat of the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with it.
Eric Rosenbaum: What else should we ask these folks that are hosting tonight.
Mike Sackton: remind me why I mean i'm all for going to the monastery but why are we going to the monastery.
Rev. David (he/him): haven't been there before.
Timothy Sackton: Chaos agents run this party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They totally do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of our major decisions are chaos driven.
Eric Rosenbaum: interesting and will be, as always weeding out the bill dealt with could be the evil one guiding or.
Actually.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody ever Mr.
Rev. David (he/him): I will say from medical perspective.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't put it on well be that we haven't been there before carries the day on what our next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we still don't know like we don't under we still don't understand the plot yet to like actually know what the Fuck we're doing so, we just go to the place we haven't been yet which isn't like a totally unreasonable thing to do, I.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel I think there's no will be with well, maybe, so I think it makes sense to stop by having our first, because if we go to the monastery it's backtracking again to go back to his camp first You also told them we meet up with them as camps, I feel like.
Rev. David (he/him): We sort of made a commitment.
Rev. David (he/him): I think reluctantly will be would want to honor that.
Eric Rosenbaum: straight over.
Rev. David (he/him): This more or less on the way.
Mike Sackton: It is on the way and, and I feel it would be worth sharing the intelligence, we have about this change of behavior of the orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Obviously, going to stay the night here, so how God will already have done some stuff that we can learn about.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: amo and.
Timothy Sackton: Paula and avarice enter with with dinner some for a special occasion they made some chicken and rice.
Timothy Sackton: You have a nice meal.
Timothy Sackton: um you know chat a little about mundane things.
Timothy Sackton: And then head to bed.
Timothy Sackton: On the early side in case you have any.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Anything you want to do in the morning before you leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them as kenzo sidebars with paga at some point just to like kind of, say, like hey you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope, at some point when there's a quieter time to like come back and and commune with you further basically like just to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn more about the plan of souls to like you know kind of continue continue Kansas quest of learning and to learn what you can from Papa when there's when there's time for quiet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and he says, before you go in the morning, we should let me show you something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool.
Timothy Sackton: So you all had to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, in the morning you wake up and poverty poverty.
Timothy Sackton: tells kenzo and he points at while being he says, you come to.
Timothy Sackton: and takes you out into the the lawn and he he leans over to um.
Timothy Sackton: To cancer and he says, you are, if you could just control this, this will have your slightly you would be so strong watch when you strike don't just strike with your hand strike with your mind.
Timothy Sackton: reach out feel the energy that runs through all conscious beings strike at that energy and he goes to make.
Timothy Sackton: A strike at you can zone.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel him kind of reaching out.
Timothy Sackton: Like poke plucking at your consciousness, make a constitution, save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: aren't aren't strong in the force though don't I have.
Timothy Sackton: You are strong in the floors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hold on I need to back, I never realized that at the end beyond open I pulled the mdm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: UNO momento.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: least have a hard time finding my shit from here, whereas our characters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What am I doing what kind of role mimicking.
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving throw all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cuz tuition saving through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um you feel you feel like you feel him sort of.
Timothy Sackton: almost like trying to to stun you and you managed to shake it off.
Timothy Sackton: And he does it a few more times until once you you fail and you just feel.
Timothy Sackton: Just frozen for a second like you can't move.
Timothy Sackton: And then he says watch pay attention.
Timothy Sackton: And he does that too well be.
Timothy Sackton: Nice, and you can see exactly what he's doing and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should I do this to all be now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this.
Timothy Sackton: morning for my trading so make make an attacker oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of attack role.
Timothy Sackton: And I was like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God, this is great.
Eric Rosenbaum: peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No that's 22.
Timothy Sackton: So while we make a constitution, save.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hahaha.
Timothy Sackton: So you are stunned.
Timothy Sackton: For six seconds, you can do nothing.
Timothy Sackton: And kenza you see exactly how to do this now to anybody you had, so this is now you are level five, this is the level five ability.
That.
Rev. David (he/him): takes a swing back to you.
Rev. David (he/him): Danny entirely ineffectually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But when I when I stun while the is it sort of like I started with energy or via to actually like physically touching him in a.
Timothy Sackton: play know like with energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so whenever you hit somebody you can spend one key point to attempt to stun them, they have to make a constitution, save right, and if they fail they're stunned until the end of your next turn or beginning of your next turn I forget which but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But as I, as I kind of figure out how to stonewall be like I kind of look at things done in eyes and just like you know just giving you giving waving look.
Timothy Sackton: But as you do, that well be starts like picks up on what you're doing and starts i'm dodging out of the way quicker and quicker.
Timothy Sackton: Every time you attack i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Just like this small little hassling just completely slippery like even when you land a head on him he it's a glancing blow it's not a solid blow and i'm is just sparring with you picking up watching you do this picking up how to just talk out of the way of any any hat.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Rev. David (he/him): Taking the force of it and, like moving with it so like you'll hit me just be backwards and like spin back around again.
Timothy Sackton: So that is that as well he's level five ability.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Secret is.
Timothy Sackton: Studying his runes as oh is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait but so so as we're kind of sparring like 10 says, just like you know well be you know the next thing we have to do.
Rev. David (he/him): I hope it doesn't involve hitting me again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It involves you.
Timothy Sackton: Practice shooting arrows around corners.
Rev. David (he/him): hmm I would love to shoot arrows at you.
Rev. David (he/him): You actually I don't know it seems kind of dangerous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You really just say that.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You, you will be good barrel you just you just said that you might not want to do something, because you thought that it was dangerous.
Rev. David (he/him): Some humans never learned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll not sure all of our lives.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should start, we should train what well being Kansas should start training.
Timothy Sackton: So um you end up spending.
Rev. David (he/him): We just level up.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, everybody leveled up.
Timothy Sackton: So level yourselves up in your DNA beyond character shade.
Timothy Sackton: you end up spending some part of the day, training and so.
Timothy Sackton: And and seekers now cotton cotton study of like the world around him and every now and then you'll see like.
Timothy Sackton: A fest just start to emerge from the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Like little smaller and then it's going bigger and bigger and bigger and like buy lunch this like norm his hand just burst out of the ground next to seek and he's like whoa.
Timothy Sackton: Wait you end up spent.
Timothy Sackton: So go down right under your name there's like that little gear.
Timothy Sackton: click manage levels make yourself level five.
Timothy Sackton: So you end up spending um you know the morning on this sort of training and then.
Timothy Sackton: And then, after it's hot, so you end up leaving i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving the stone house in the late afternoon like after the peak he was still a half days of travel into the early evening.
Timothy Sackton: And you are heading where exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're heading sort of North East away from the deepest part of the desert back into the sort of broken Kenyan lands and sort of rugged plains of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the the sort of blasted planes north of the the intensity of the guard challah desert um.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just see the distance here.
Timothy Sackton: So that's that's a you know, probably a three day journey roughly counting this as a day so two more days um.
Timothy Sackton: The next day, and so you can't.
Timothy Sackton: hold on sorry guys.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: need a place to take notes, here we go um.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so so you had Nora through the desert so it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's a relatively the first day at least this first.
Timothy Sackton: afternoon heading northeast is relatively quiet, even though it's hot, and you know even leaving at three in the afternoon you're sweating.
Timothy Sackton: Within a few minutes of setting out and your horses are sort of laboring in the sun now may it's it's sort of that time of year like right before the what little rains reached the desert come when everything is just dry and dusty and.
You know.
Timothy Sackton: everything's dried out and hot and it's just sort of unpleasant in general.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: You spend an eventful day at Camp so anybody just to make sure everybody is all set just do a do a couple of long rests to clear anything that's linger on your character sheet.
Rev. David (he/him): My role my.
Timothy Sackton: taming to see, yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: So animal handling check.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty good yeah what is, what is your name again does not have a name yet.
Rev. David (he/him): Still and i'm i'm waiting for a name to merge it hasn't.
Rev. David (he/him): Come yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It did um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah what is sphere of the world leader.
Timothy Sackton: that's the spirit, you took from.
Timothy Sackton: From the no boss, that was a Dunbar a spear.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have I never used this.
Timothy Sackton: I don't I think you haven't ever used it yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But wait, so the new stun attack thing I have what where's that where's that.
Timothy Sackton: i'm starting strike its way, it should be way down at the bottom of your character sheet.
Timothy Sackton: it's not an actual attack it's whenever you hit somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it.
Timothy Sackton: You can send one key to attempt to stun them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I got it Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And they have to make a constitution saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see so.
Timothy Sackton: And then let's see sorry where was I Okay, so the next day um.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be your xp is now like happily eating out of your hand and just follows you around everywhere, and so you spend some time.
Timothy Sackton: Like cutting up some some you know hunting a.
Timothy Sackton: prairie chicken or whatever you can find around here, cutting up some although they're pretty much omnivores they'll eat almost anything but.
Timothy Sackton: Any seems to be or she you don't really know it sucks i'm.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be like pretty happy to be around you at this point um you could you you're at the stage of starting to like ride.
Timothy Sackton: For you know.
Timothy Sackton: How half an hour a day, just to start to get it used to being ridden regularly it's already gotten used to wearing a saddle and and just being team.
Timothy Sackton: So the next day dawn's hot, as every day has, for the past several weeks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait another quick question for seeker the secret still have taster.
Eric Rosenbaum: still has taster.
Timothy Sackton: Right you brought taster into the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean there's a slight extra encumbrance cost of the necessary water and food, but yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I guy i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A taster and tamer.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: The next day.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's something be, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: xp.
Timothy Sackton: xp xe.
Timothy Sackton: beaky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: baxter the xp.
Rev. David (he/him): Extra.
Rev. David (he/him): Maybe baxter all right that's the strongest contender so far.
Timothy Sackton: it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A good in a freestyle to baxter the xp.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's all.
Timothy Sackton: The next day is is hot and again.
Timothy Sackton: quiet.
Timothy Sackton: i'm you pass.
Timothy Sackton: Few landmarks other than I mean well be is kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Leading the party at this point is, you have the map and the sort of knowledge from.
Timothy Sackton: From have Dar about kind of the layout and.
Timothy Sackton: Where.
Timothy Sackton: Where he's heading.
Timothy Sackton: and the next day again passes slowly and quietly.
Timothy Sackton: Getting you pretty close to his camp.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: likely assuming you take your normal.
Timothy Sackton: Normal rest.
Timothy Sackton: During the.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of lunch break you would likely arrive, the next day around dinner time.
Timothy Sackton: So.
OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the next day.
Timothy Sackton: Again, a relatively hot things seem quiet you do you do pass on this day a i'm.
Timothy Sackton: A giant scorpion sort of sitting and waiting to attack something but well be spotted in time, I presume you go around it instead of.
Timothy Sackton: yeah presenting yourself as a meal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it wouldn't it be well beats instinct to engage it and, like like asking for passage or something like that, and then like.
Rev. David (he/him): Scorpions have no concept of politeness.
Eric Rosenbaum: to double it inside right.
um.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, the.
Rev. David (he/him): creatures with politeness creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like to scrolls.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: You rest during the hottest part of the day, again there's um.
Timothy Sackton: you're you're in an area now where it's easier to find shade there's there's you know little Canyon then golly this kind of it's kind of like the terrain you first set out on when you first left Carola almost two months ago now.
Timothy Sackton: Six weeks ago now, little golly is in Kenyans that lead nowhere but well be has gotten.
Timothy Sackton: quite good at desert navigation in over the past six weeks and leads you without any trouble onward i'm navigating these little.
Timothy Sackton: Little Kali is avoiding dead ends stuff that you know a few months ago, you would have found yourself staring at blank walls, with no way to go forward now seems.
Timothy Sackton: Almost.
Timothy Sackton: comfortable to navigate like the roads of home.
Timothy Sackton: Intel.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to approach half stars camp.
Timothy Sackton: or were hot girls camp should be your following like the the line of a can abroad Canyon maybe.
Timothy Sackton: You know 500,000 feet wide maybe wider.
Timothy Sackton: you hear up ahead.
Timothy Sackton: The sounds of shouts and the claim.
Timothy Sackton: of combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I still ahead and see what's going on with that being.
murdered.
Timothy Sackton: You can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see I say oh just a moment well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I can send my eyes ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put you at less risk.
Eric Rosenbaum: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there something I can see that I can use for that too.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah you can judge about how far it's like just up the Canyon say 1000 feet.
Timothy Sackton: is roughly where you'd expect the noise, to be from and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can use many spell for that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you can describe where you want it to go say follow the head of this Canyon 1000 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's see The thing is, though, if we send well be well, we can like you know with his arrows actually like instigate and make the combat like way worse for us somehow.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a good point here is what.
Rev. David (he/him): What we know is that if these are owners are giants Scorpions I come back and if it's a storm giant I go say hi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: scouting.
Eric Rosenbaum: I begin, drawing a pair of spectral goggles interning my eyes fling them forward they've been ish like.
Timothy Sackton: arguing as you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: fluent.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did it twice I think oops.
i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Choosing site.
Mike Sackton: I will cast my Armor of.
Mike Sackton: I guess this.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it.
Mike Sackton: I get this.
Mike Sackton: So you see, like white frost appear on dealt with summer.
Mike Sackton: Should we um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh sorry I didn't see the message to them and.
Timothy Sackton: Secret sort of.
Timothy Sackton: tuned out of the world, but i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: works are 20 orcs are attacking have our scam.
Eric Rosenbaum: For some camp what's oh geez what's going on there's the campsite you're an oasis.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the Canyon wall.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that cost us camp, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are.
Timothy Sackton: We have done mark camp.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: is how many.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's many there's more there's more coming yeah more or coming 20 of them shooting arrows down.
Mike Sackton: How big is have dyers force.
Timothy Sackton: there's about 10 of them.
Timothy Sackton: Plus half Dar and his lieutenant some must be out on scouting missions.
Mike Sackton: I think we should probably help them.
Eric Rosenbaum: We perhaps surprise plank or otherwise attack from.
Eric Rosenbaum: A different direction in anyone's opinion.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess, I can see the best.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Here, since you're since you can see this in advance.
Rev. David (he/him): Nice.
awesome where'd.
Timothy Sackton: Nice bow.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah the new one, I use it right away it's great.
Timothy Sackton: So so here's the camp.
Timothy Sackton: The orcs are mostly up.
Timothy Sackton: up here.
Timothy Sackton: I will start.
Timothy Sackton: Putting works out.
We.
Mike Sackton: Were uh we you're.
Timothy Sackton: There in the Canyon but like 1000 feet South right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay yeah we're like a quarter mile away okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man 20 of them are more could be an unknown number, I can, can I move the thing once i've placed it.
Eric Rosenbaum: censored.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know it remains in place for the duration.
Timothy Sackton: So you can't like look up way in the distance beyond the class.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that makes sense.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to get up there, I wonder.
Mike Sackton: How our.
Eric Rosenbaum: Behind the orcs.
Timothy Sackton: This is about about 30 2030 feet.
Mike Sackton: And were in the Canyon.
Timothy Sackton: you're in the Canyon.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can we go back back out and go up around.
Eric Rosenbaum: to that.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it wouldn't take you that long to climb up the Canyon wall, from where you are right now, and you can approach yeah i'm here.
Eric Rosenbaum: From the West side say.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would we do as a surprise attack to take out a whole lot of not once, that is to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: punching individual orcs may not work that well when there's 20 to 30 of them or 22 who knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nobody knows anything about works in their inherent weaknesses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, I set them on fire stab them with sharp weapons.
Rev. David (he/him): If you put holes in them their blood will come out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: TIM, is there any chance, I could collapse, the cliff face itself somehow.
Timothy Sackton: This is a pretty solid I mean it's a pretty solid Canyon while.
Timothy Sackton: You might be able to cause up a rock slide but you're not gonna like collapse, the entire thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rocks like get hurt the.
Timothy Sackton: Human and that rock slide down into hop dance camp and probably not be that helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are, how are you guys doing.
Timothy Sackton: So, at the moment they're.
Timothy Sackton: Like a small group of them are are sort of running in this direction i'm half dollar himself and.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't see the.
Timothy Sackton: pointer die.
Timothy Sackton: I had the wrong thing this direction up up this way.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what they're trying to flank them.
Timothy Sackton: i'm where I have Dar and about sex of his group have set up.
Timothy Sackton: For them shields up in front.
Timothy Sackton: The rest, the other for shooting arrows have dark looks like he's aiming with a spear looking for a particularly big or vicious or dish to throw out i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, Sir, all right.
Timothy Sackton: there's like yeah everybody seems up right at the moment there's like boulders here that they're trying to shelter behind i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over there okay.
Timothy Sackton: So they're in this they're like in the air.
Timothy Sackton: And some of them seem to be moving this way, the ones down the troop here with Javier seems to be trying to keep the arts attention on them, whereas the other half of the band is moving this way, presumably, to try and.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think, just flanking.
Mike Sackton: From from here.
Mike Sackton: From.
Eric Rosenbaum: from the other side yeah.
Mike Sackton: Here is the best we can do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're going to look them up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: starts shooting arrows me.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah let's get in there.
Timothy Sackton: So you sign as you're starting to leave you suddenly see an enormous explosion are wrapped around half darn as men, the ones down here like a giant ball of fire explodes.
Timothy Sackton: Seemingly coming from one of the orcs and two of his men.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: either.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That.
Mike Sackton: Parents so it's fine.
Mike Sackton: to kill the spell casters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, they say the same thing about us right.
Mike Sackton: to kill them.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: I wish I had three spell slots.
Mike Sackton: To spell thoughts is so annoying.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah this is gonna be intense because.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a lot of.
Rev. David (he/him): TIM are the boulders that are in the camp like enough to provide like three quarter cover like i'm looking for a good.
Timothy Sackton: kind of sniping for you probably three quarter cover for a human probably more.
Timothy Sackton: Like half.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be you're gonna be won't even be up above the cliff because there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's up here to.
Timothy Sackton: There has here, these are boulders all right yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And this, this is a taller stone pillar.
1000 feet.
Timothy Sackton: you're probably closer than 1000 feet you're maybe.
Timothy Sackton: More like 500 feet i'll say just for.
Timothy Sackton: So it'll take you.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Mike Sackton: Like eight rounds.
Timothy Sackton: yeah something like that to get there.
Timothy Sackton: But if there's anything you want to cast that has a minute duration, you can cast that you know when you'll get there you have time.
Right.
Mike Sackton: I just debate it with her.
Mike Sackton: Why would be better, but I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: So I want three spouse slots.
Timothy Sackton: Right, then all your spouse.
Timothy Sackton: i'm just gonna eat off of a warlock.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm just gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: be watching the orcs as much as I can to try to identify like a spell caster and Look how many of these guys, there are middle wearing will.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so there seems to be at least so you can you can see the spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: The one that launched the fireball there seemed to be a few other spell casters mixed in, as well.
Timothy Sackton: Most of the workers are wearing hide Armor.
Timothy Sackton: But there is.
Timothy Sackton: There is one, there are a few that are wearing.
Timothy Sackton: chain Armor metal Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are the spell casters wearing.
Timothy Sackton: High height Armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a leader.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So it's not clear, after the Leader exactly but um.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: As you're you can like keep watching as you're running.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now closing in.
Timothy Sackton: You spend a few seconds scrambling up the cliff well and you're running in this way um.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, there is.
Timothy Sackton: So there's one sort of LEADER type who.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be sort of commanding most of the troops and is is wearing chain now and a shield with a long sword and spear.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely sort of the most.
Timothy Sackton: heavily armed and armored.
Timothy Sackton: Of the.
Timothy Sackton: Group.
Eric Rosenbaum: So as we're jogging i'll say I could see the leader in in chain mail i'm going to try to heat them up, what are the plans, who would make here.
Mike Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So what order, do you want to run in as who's in front.
Timothy Sackton: You can just put it wherever you want it's what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean so it's pretty like kinda doesn't have a lot well let's go to people should grow our that actually that is pretty useful.
Mike Sackton: So when we're when we're close ish TIM i'm going to cast.
Timothy Sackton: Like a turn but like.
Timothy Sackton: The turn before you'll enter combat okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, by the time you get there.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Eric Rosenbaum: middle is now even more powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Well, if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will but shattered is more.
Timothy Sackton: that's so annoying I just uploaded a bunch of tokens but I can't find them okay well whatever doesn't matter i'm.
Timothy Sackton: 20.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so so as you run up, you can see that the the battle has sort of split into three factions um some of the orcs have moved off and are fighting with.
Timothy Sackton: sort of have moved have now sort of moved.
Timothy Sackton: down and are sort of engaged with the survivors of hotdogs ban some a few, of whom were seem to have been on the ground, the group that group that's down here.
Timothy Sackton: Some of them have.
Timothy Sackton: have now engaged with the group that scale, the wall on this side sort of over here and there's some that are still in gate that are still sort of raining arrows down, including.
Timothy Sackton: The spell caster the one who launched the fireball sort of in the in the middle here.
Timothy Sackton: And for for simplicity i'm not going to put absolutely every token on the board because it'll get to be a giant mass i'm just going to put the ones who are kind of nearest to you that you'll presumably engage with since dealing with a spell caster is.
Timothy Sackton: Is high priority.
Timothy Sackton: So there are.
Timothy Sackton: And then, as the battle progresses, I can add more tokens as needed.
Timothy Sackton: Some reasonable 20 is being a giant.
Timothy Sackton: pain at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: invested a lot more work.
Timothy Sackton: it's not it's something about the website more than my computer, it seems like.
Timothy Sackton: Like just placing tokens and super slow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On yeah I got the double laptop situation and it's great.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that's the way to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Next, up to laptops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: else using laptop.
Mike Sackton: I have two screens.
Timothy Sackton: i've got two screens.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't get the woman.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So okay let's just well TIM is figuring this out let's have a better conversation when we fight right like lobbyists far away, just like you're like super PAC and you know they'll shoot arrows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right that's like asking me like when pencils far away, yes darts basically as a ranged weapon, but kind of nodded and garth silicon far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Arizona, and I could.
Timothy Sackton: yep sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dave actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um which is like like I have to spend key to like catch arrows and thrown back so I can only do that for so long.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The kind of useful from far away and then obviously kenzo is far and away the most useful like a hand to hand combat right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe you should leap down the cliff and like physically rescue outdoor but.
Mike Sackton: I think we should we should just go straight for the.
Mike Sackton: spell casters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah i'm definitely gonna try to disrupt the spell caster actually i'm realizing it's probably yeah you should do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is there is there, like a clear like looking like leader of the tenant guy.
Timothy Sackton: or like yeah so.
Very.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: demoralized everybody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah so maybe I should go for that guy.
Timothy Sackton: So the.
Timothy Sackton: So this this this one here is like the clear leader, this one is the.
Timothy Sackton: pastor and.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas the other two in here.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's another spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: Next to the leader, that is having trouble loading.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, we are we're like the.
Timothy Sackton: Bob can you overall initiative by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where's the initiative again.
Mike Sackton: Next Armor class.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be is sex kenzo is 24.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with his 13.
Mike Sackton: For orcs in the front, are there more coming.
Timothy Sackton: Ah there's no more orcs coming there's some there's orcs down here and there's box over here.
Mike Sackton: Now I mean there's no more loading enroll.
Timothy Sackton: 20 there's no more gloating on 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: leader guy is is is which guy.
Timothy Sackton: This one's this guy's leader that's a spell caster spell caster next to leader other spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: And then for works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay got it.
Timothy Sackton: And the others podcasters cast fireball at least once but you haven't you didn't see what else they've cast.
Timothy Sackton: seeker I did you will where did you offer initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it didn't go through.
Timothy Sackton: 14 I see it, I see it, yeah but.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so kenza you're up first.
Rev. David (he/him): will be will save you 10 so don't forget to give them the chance to surrender.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kensal laughs and so, how many how much plan move.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Like 40 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But you can set your sort of charging into combat you can start yourself closer, if you want to it can be a flexible about when combat actually is considered to begin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to get um let's see what's within 30 feet i'm gonna do i'm gonna do finish, I want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is to plant a power at the orc leader guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so remember that's a strength saving threat, so if he has if he's strong he has a good chance of succeeding.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: it's better to do it, people who are weak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fine i'll do it at I do that to spell caster next to him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so how how close to it to be that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look over here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's close enough right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep all right and is this next to me like a boulder thing where nobody can stand.
Timothy Sackton: that's a boulder yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great okay excellent oh yeah okay all right that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll stay here and I will yeah officer planner power, the spell caster guy next to him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which will.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he succeeds, on his strength saving throw a roll the 20 sorry um but he's still takes half damage yeah um so he takes.
Timothy Sackton: six points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now for 13 and.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And he does stagger back a little um and you can see him sort of.
Timothy Sackton: shaking his head like something like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, he was.
Timothy Sackton: Concentrating on something that he no longer is.
Timothy Sackton: So you still have your move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll stay here right.
Mike Sackton: I mean you might want to quote we might need to close on the spell casters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna just go.
Mike Sackton: i've dealt with is gonna go in and try and close on this call caster he this one.
Timothy Sackton: And also remember you have this key fueled attack if you spend one key or more, as part of your action you can make one attack with an unarmed strikes as a bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh so So if I since I did that, if I get like by running closer I can attack and I get attacked the main guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like.
Timothy Sackton: If you run there you'll be around, but you can attack him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you guys think.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: they're all gonna beat up on you how how are your defenses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean not that great maybe i'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe i'll stay here that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah also have some ideas that could that could interfere with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man i'll stay here and i'll strike this dude right here.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm that hits.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's already.
Timothy Sackton: So now, the oryx and that, I mean they're not these guys are not.
Timothy Sackton: they're not weaklings but they're not very.
Timothy Sackton: You know they're not they don't have a lot of hip points so um.
Timothy Sackton: That seems to have done a fair fair fraction of his total damage um let's see these you hear some shouts now as you appear around the corner here i'm hot dog looks up and sort of gives you a wave and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The arcs start rushing and reforming so this one here is going to charge 112345 sex and swing it well be with his great X.
Timothy Sackton: which will be at 23 to hit.
Rev. David (he/him): You know just barely, but it does connect.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that is.
Timothy Sackton: For.
Timothy Sackton: Four points of slashing damage.
Rev. David (he/him): I will uncanny dodge.
Rev. David (he/him): and reduce.
Timothy Sackton: Two points of flashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: that's one well run towards kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: swinging with this great acts.
Timothy Sackton: which will miss.
Timothy Sackton: Worse, as kenzo nimbly dodges out of the way.
Timothy Sackton: This one will also.
Timothy Sackton: run towards kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: swinging with his great acts.
Timothy Sackton: which will miss.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas just dodging like crazy this one standing next to ken's that will swing it was great acts which will mess as kenza just standing there we begin bobbing and dodging out of the way of everything.
Timothy Sackton: And I tell.
Timothy Sackton: This Arc a spell caster that looks around and looks over at the three of you.
Timothy Sackton: And suddenly.
Timothy Sackton: I need everybody to make a dexterity saving throw as.
Timothy Sackton: A blast of fire explodes around you.
Timothy Sackton: knock knock knock kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Oh that's well be.
Timothy Sackton: seeker and.
Timothy Sackton: The three of you in this cluster over here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so come on don't be so slow.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you well be.
Timothy Sackton: And TAO with each take 22 points of fire damage.
Rev. David (he/him): Harsh is the 2017.
Timothy Sackton: upside 27.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God that's a lot of third image.
Timothy Sackton: and half of that for seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I round up or down.
Eric Rosenbaum: down so that's gonna be.
1313.
Timothy Sackton: An hour the secrets turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm there how tall is the pillar standalone bowman's book yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: it's like 20 feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any obvious crack in it that I could exploit these women shatter spell to knock it down on to.
Timothy Sackton: is definitely not as stable as the.
Timothy Sackton: Kenya, as the sort of rickety Canyon that you are attacking the orcs in but it's worth a shot.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you could get you could get if you put shatter.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah like in between them like.
Timothy Sackton: You could you got like four of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, if I put it like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Timothy Sackton: it's 2020 foot cube right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh check.
Eric Rosenbaum: This 10 foot radius sphere so that's a 20 foot.
Eric Rosenbaum: diameter.
Timothy Sackton: yeah So if you put it right now, you can get all three of these.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah if you put it right there you can get all three of them.
And this.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this, and who knows what direction is going down.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I come on yeah all right it's good, I hope, it has to roll ship saving.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will just shattered.
Timothy Sackton: And that's our Constitution saving throw yeah okay.
Timothy Sackton: guys spell caster fails.
Timothy Sackton: seconds podcaster succeeds leader.
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Timothy Sackton: So, as this.
Timothy Sackton: sounds ring out.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody looks around just as everybody looks up as this funder just cracks across the desert.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The pillar does not crack but sand gets thrown up everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: This this tree, this is a palm tree right here like cracks and begins to topple over towards the oasis on these.
Timothy Sackton: As but you do a.
Timothy Sackton: Quite solid amount of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Casting that okay down with we're up.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will curse the spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then i'm just going to.
Mike Sackton: charge it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the orange get an attack.
Mike Sackton: yeah now but.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, took away my Armor of agatha has.
Timothy Sackton: 13 which Mrs.
Rev. David (he/him): will be will sort of as you go be like a.
Mike Sackton: giant ball of fire.
Mike Sackton: You guys can take out one little work and then I will attack it twice.
Timothy Sackton: And you curse this one right.
Correct.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: So nine damage.
Timothy Sackton: that's one attack.
Mike Sackton: Out there.
Timothy Sackton: That hits as well.
Mike Sackton: So 14.
Timothy Sackton: That looks this this Arc is badly wounded and you rush forward, you can see it's got like Gray Ashley skin and these like white face paint tattoos on its on its head in like a like a almost a flame design and sort of monitoring under its breath to you as it's like bleeding and looking.
Timothy Sackton: badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this this spell caster that's next to the leader, the other orc is going to.
Timothy Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: Look around.
Timothy Sackton: And he will monitor a curse under his breath and I need um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see down with and kenzo to make.
Timothy Sackton: charisma saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fortunately i'm very charismatic.
Timothy Sackton: Both neither of you is affected by its curse.
Timothy Sackton: curse is to itself, as this has no effect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To charming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus seven.
Mike Sackton: Right now, with his way i've been at Chris but dealt with is way more Chairman Ben if you.
Eric Rosenbaum: mean.
Except.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: manifested, though.
Mike Sackton: yeah wow he it's very understated charisma.
Mike Sackton: Has that.
Timothy Sackton: personality is.
Mike Sackton: Yes, there's the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: elven arrogance, yes.
Timothy Sackton: wow me, what are you doing.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, well, we will very carefully sort of take a moment to give the orc like a real solid once over all the way down to his toes and back up again in the form of taking careful aim and then will stab this thing with his short sword.
Timothy Sackton: I got can you do careful a minor mainly attack I think it's just raised attacks.
Rev. David (he/him): I was looking at that, and you know, also as a bonus action you give yourself advantage on your next attack role on the current term.
Rev. David (he/him): No, it doesn't in the description it doesn't specify range at all.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean let's let it let it roll for now, but let's discuss afterward whether it makes sense sort of makes doesn't make sense to me from a lead, but for now let's just go with that.
Timothy Sackton: That heads.
Timothy Sackton: Oh right that was your Sherpa though oh.
Timothy Sackton: It should be the same role for you.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah it doesn't matter it's the same.
Timothy Sackton: As the same damage.
know.
Rev. David (he/him): What do I click on to get damaged for it.
Timothy Sackton: Just click that short bow.
Mike Sackton: Where it says sharp oh.
Timothy Sackton: So 10 points of damage to.
Timothy Sackton: This Arc who is.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you like.
Timothy Sackton: Like slightly shocked that this puny little half laying standing here could place a sword quite so precisely um and just kind of not dead, but badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: wow Finally, the Leader will attack.
Timothy Sackton: And he wall.
Timothy Sackton: Rather than attacking himself.
Timothy Sackton: He will yell to these three orcs that are surrounding kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And he will say something guttural in orchestra and all three of them attack kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: They need really specific instructions or.
Timothy Sackton: dead, but this is the leaders special ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again.
Timothy Sackton: yeah but the first one mast.
Timothy Sackton: Separate come second one messed.
me.
Timothy Sackton: The third one finally hits you.
Timothy Sackton: Doing for a whole four points of slashing damage as these oryx just cannot land a solid blow.
Timothy Sackton: On you kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: And now it's your chance to retaliate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, what which one is the one good one.
Timothy Sackton: um the wounded, one is this one to your right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and wait if I soul site, I have to, I have to spend.
Timothy Sackton: As an action pistols site okay yeah it takes your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay i'm gonna quarter staff smash the dude on my left.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Timothy Sackton: hits for nine points of damage remember also you get to make two attacks.
Timothy Sackton: On your I forgot to tell you, you may not have noticed your other level up bonuses whenever you take the attack action you make two attacks, instead of one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a two two additional and i'm strikes.
Timothy Sackton: You get another quarter staff and then, if you flurry of blows to unarmed strikes, you can make for attacks around if you use one key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck I know if I use know key can I do.
Timothy Sackton: Three attacks three attacks, with no key yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God that's nasty.
Timothy Sackton: And now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, yeah, then I will I will quarter, I will quarter strike just to kind of spread this around a quarter strike smash the guy in the middle, this is like the perfect situation for me where I am right now three orcs all right i'm gonna quarter staff, the guy in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: You should try and kill one.
Timothy Sackton: Though because they'll keep.
Timothy Sackton: swinging at you.
strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It gives them that way or I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: know it doesn't matter, what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what's what's the biggest looking one.
Timothy Sackton: i'm the one that you just hit is the most damaged.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strikes him.
Timothy Sackton: That takes them down as you follow up with your quarter staff with a quick punch to his head he just falls collapse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's a like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah like right into his throat.
Timothy Sackton: Just like to his throat yes.
Timothy Sackton: So you still have one quarter staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then 10s of swings around whirling backwards with the quarter staff against the guy that's already injured and.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: And that takes them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To two hands on a smack on on the on the staff and just definitely smashes his skull in both about works collapsing into piles with the one still in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: So, this one is still in the middle, is just sort of oops nope the one next to well biggest to go first when he will.
Timothy Sackton: Get X well be just looking down at you like pathetic.
Timothy Sackton: And we'll hit for six points of flashing damage.
Rev. David (he/him): uncanny dodge it to reduce it to three leaving me with one.
Eric Rosenbaum: mo geez.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You only have one point.
Rev. David (he/him): I took the.
Timothy Sackton: 27th from the fireball.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah the farmers fridge.
Timothy Sackton: So that work now like, as you just keep dodging away he's just like wearing you down as you dodge and he's you can tell you can tell you're looking a bit exhausted, and this Arc is gonna finally pin down kids though critical hat.
Timothy Sackton: what's.
Timothy Sackton: eight points of damage as he just looks around at his.
Timothy Sackton: dad companions and and mutters to you sort of as the swings as X, with two hands over his head connecting to you um.
Timothy Sackton: They will rise stronger than ever.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's podcasters turn nearly dead, but not quite dead, but out of third level slots.
Timothy Sackton: He will.
Timothy Sackton: hold up his hands.
Timothy Sackton: And erupting from.
Timothy Sackton: A Cone in front of him up just a blast of flame.
Timothy Sackton: Down with you have to make a deck saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: one.
Timothy Sackton: Now you take 16 points for fire damage.
know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many times this guy gets a cast fireball.
Timothy Sackton: That wasn't fire burning burning hands.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's out of fireball he kept that twice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody killed him.
Timothy Sackton: thinkers turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: man.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's we only have five oh man.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't get a lot of.
Mike Sackton: points, but I kill this guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what you're some kind of vampire we can discuss that later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking shadow warrior for sure much he's a fucking secret.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shadow or.
Eric Rosenbaum: We catch you like drinking or something so so well being is like visibly almost dead right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh well being and kenzo are like visibly almost dad.
Timothy Sackton: On the other hand.
Timothy Sackton: The other hand.
Timothy Sackton: is like has nearly wiped you out single handedly and is also almost completely dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so I haven't really important question how tall is the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is already falling down.
Timothy Sackton: It fell down it's like three feet tall it's stretched in a line now like.
Timothy Sackton: like that, like that.
Timothy Sackton: Because.
Timothy Sackton: It extends yeah it's about what is oh sorry it's like three feet above the ground but it's about 10 so about 20 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: So it extends just about to the edge of the cliff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really wanted to just like.
Eric Rosenbaum: pop up that earthen hand and just like swing that entire tree these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another possibility is to use it to launch will be to safety well.
You can't like.
Timothy Sackton: it's not like a hand that you can just like do things with right you're pretty limited like you don't have fine control over stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I can't swing the tree with her and you can't swing a tree, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can grab basically It can do this it's like it's like one of those um clause.
Timothy Sackton: In a grammar grammar things.
Mike Sackton: If you can maybe killed a spell caster that would be helpful.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna.
Mike Sackton: Work or kill the work next to LV.
Timothy Sackton: org next to me, is quite hurt.
Mike Sackton: Well, be his next I mean while people go before.
Mike Sackton: The Arc.
Eric Rosenbaum: While we can kill the right right it's gonna be okay.
Mike Sackton: it'll be okay.
Mike Sackton: You could do to keep the other style cabbie these two guys, I really I problem, the uninjured.
Timothy Sackton: Neither one of them is on injured.
Timothy Sackton: They both got.
Timothy Sackton: bit by the shatter.
Mike Sackton: I hit him with the shadow yeah right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so i'm going to manifest this I like make a.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean fairly rude gesture, with my open hand upward.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the grand rumbles about whoops I want to put it like right behind the spell caster here.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll actually can I put it in the same location as him says to make it grab him I probably should I have to actually.
Timothy Sackton: Know can grab anybody within five feet of it so so you put it next to him, and then you grab him whether.
Timothy Sackton: I should get an icon for the hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: For that uses three of your.
Timothy Sackton: Your charges for your.
Timothy Sackton: Any well the two on his strength saving through so the hand reaches up and crushes this Arc to death.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then, after that fire.
Timothy Sackton: And the hand last as long as you maintain concentration, so you can move it and use it to grab somebody else.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep we'll be doing so.
Timothy Sackton: I remember you still have your bonus action to dish out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah I was gonna give them inspiration to will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Green appears hovering will be 10.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down with your up.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: This could end.
Mike Sackton: I think I should just go after these guys right.
Mike Sackton: Maybe they come.
Mike Sackton: You can come help me right kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: The one of the boxes podcaster.
Timothy Sackton: Wine in the back, is this Doncaster wow tried to curse you and failed.
Timothy Sackton: Has not launched any fiery attacks.
Mike Sackton: Right probably a cleric.
Mike Sackton: OK.
Mike Sackton: I will let's see i'm actually going to cast green flame boy.
Mike Sackton: That was just my damage hold on, I have to attack first.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so i'm attacking the spell caster.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this bout to is wearing this spell casters wearing where is your role.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Mike Sackton: that's so unfortunate.
Timothy Sackton: This both this one, and the leader are wearing chain Armor.
Mike Sackton: My.
Mike Sackton: Gas plus.
Timothy Sackton: You get there.
Timothy Sackton: Though.
Mike Sackton: Oh no you don't not we outline played.
Mike Sackton: Although does green flash blade hold on I still do damage from the I don't want to hit.
Timothy Sackton: On the head you do damage.
Mike Sackton: So useless.
Mike Sackton: annoying.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK, so the.
Timothy Sackton: This armored spell caster will see you um.
Timothy Sackton: approaching and doesn't really like that, but.
Timothy Sackton: What can I do.
Timothy Sackton: That will yell at you.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe you should.
Mike Sackton: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: And it's command has no effect on you.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll be back in just a second I gotta run for six.
Timothy Sackton: bobby's turn i'm gonna.
Rev. David (he/him): kill becca I have to after run for a SEC.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: related pause.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: giant dogs vs dog is is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really good.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah just kind of excessively.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we could totally ride ride towards his dog in real life as a seed.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Choices dog is probably.
Timothy Sackton: three times the size of.
Timothy Sackton: Wait what is gnocchi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How tall is well the next review tell.
Timothy Sackton: yeah about three three and a half feet.
Timothy Sackton: that's pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: If I can find eating.
Rev. David (he/him): sorry about that there were people in the building and us trying to figure out if there were supposed to be there, or not so.
Rev. David (he/him): nice to have a big dog.
haha.
Rev. David (he/him): They are supposed to be there, I just it's a group who hasn't been here for a few months who's back in NASA.
Timothy Sackton: There you go I can't give you a hand.
Mike Sackton: in hand.
Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah awesome.
Timothy Sackton: You can try.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: That kills that.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: work with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now.
Rev. David (he/him): awesome I think I think after will be you know puts the short sword, like all the way through it sternum or something like he takes off his hat, which is still on fire and like.
Rev. David (he/him): stanton tosses it down.
Timothy Sackton: So that will bring us to the leader who is going to turn to TAO ass.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: swing.
Timothy Sackton: With us long sword first attack missing.
Timothy Sackton: Second attack hitting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go.
Timothy Sackton: For hoops.
Timothy Sackton: Was there.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, he does, that my shield okay um for six points of slashing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And now it is back to Kansas turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, um.
Mike Sackton: I could really use some help.
Mike Sackton: And i'm down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna help you in just a second i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doing tonight unarmed strikes first and then quarter stuff strike.
Timothy Sackton: i'm sure why not all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: not sure exactly what the rule is but we'll just go with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or i'm gonna unarmed strikes the dude right in front of me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Try to dispatch him.
Timothy Sackton: he's on injured at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This guy's uninjured.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay that's fine all right fine I do this i'm guessing that didn't kill him.
Timothy Sackton: That did not kill him, but you did hit him solidly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But yeah now now i'm going to try to kill him with my quarter stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: It will be okay.
Timothy Sackton: um that is enough to finish him off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK, and now i'm going to go over to here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And i'm going to spend a key and i'm going to tack two more times i'm double that should just attack a leader guy right.
sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I can do another quarter staff and another arm arm and arm strike yep yeah fucking ass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, i'm the quarter strike this dude.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have a plus seven yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah happen.
Mike Sackton: When you level up.
Timothy Sackton: You got an extra plus one.
Timothy Sackton: That hits do you want to attempt to start him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, they do.
Timothy Sackton: So, another key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And he's just a constitution, save right.
Timothy Sackton: What she rolled a five so he has done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That you see it, you see, you see kenza like you know take take take his palm and just like hit them right in this like like right like kind of in the front of his his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His his chest, but like doesn't actually make contact, but then still like this, this kind of blue wave of energy like kind of burst around him and then like as he does that i'm kinda like looks over at well be to try to make eye contact.
Timothy Sackton: You just click on it, so it pops up that rule, because I want to see how long that lasts.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's till the end of.
Timothy Sackton: Total beginning of your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stunning strike starting at fifth level you interfere with the flow of key and an opponent's body dope when you hit another creature, with a melee weapon, you can spend one key point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To attempt a stunning strike the target must succeed on concert or be stunned until the end of your next turn.
Timothy Sackton: The end of the end of your next turn okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's done now and then I got.
Timothy Sackton: A hell, Mrs entire turn.
Timothy Sackton: And then he'll be stunned, all the way through the end of your turn.
Timothy Sackton: I get to attack then he'll be okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I could attack him and stun them again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you could yes monks are nasty.
Timothy Sackton: Okay there's no oryx laughs.
Timothy Sackton: About casters dad seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can take the hand over to the cleric guy.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you could also since he's stunned, I think he automatically fails and saving throw if you want to just grab them while you have a chance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just crushed leader yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's either one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait sorry leader guys don't this bill cancer is not.
Timothy Sackton: Correct yeah only the leader is done, not the armored spell caster yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna go try to crush the spell caster.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Talk to the hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Roll here.
Timothy Sackton: He needs to make a strength savings right yeah stun creatures automatically fail strength and dexterity saving throws and attack roles have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: I see Okay, so this guy is gonna make a strength saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: which he succeeds, so your hand, Mrs and he dodges on the way.
Timothy Sackton: it's still do.
Timothy Sackton: BONUS action inspiration, if you want to give another one out oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I give one to delve in case he is.
Mike Sackton: What does that do it adds the sex to roll okay.
Timothy Sackton: No it's da.
Mike Sackton: da.
Mike Sackton: wow oh awesome.
Timothy Sackton: It goes and also.
You.
Eric Rosenbaum: go into the light, though, is it is not the.
Eric Rosenbaum: dark, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't go there again.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry darling.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I can add it to any role.
Timothy Sackton: and add 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah there's a bunch of situations where it's going to be.
Mike Sackton: Okay i'm green plant bleeding again on the guy that I have advantage on.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: so that you can roll see if you get a credit.
Mike Sackton: i'm just gonna do a roll.
Mike Sackton: Now Okay, so he takes um.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want it, you have advantage, you may as well see if you get a crowd I.
Mike Sackton: Did I wrote the three.
Mike Sackton: gets rolled Wendy 20.
Mike Sackton: Right um I just didn't want to like redo all that.
Mike Sackton: yeah does not have exploits curse.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: know but that.
Mike Sackton: it's supposed to be plus my spouse, so the spell caster takes five damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
and
Mike Sackton: The actually helped and let me.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, let me just look at the spell for a second I thought it was plus my.
Timothy Sackton: No, it doesn't add your modifier to the damage it's just one day.
Timothy Sackton: To the.
Mike Sackton: The second creature is one da plus my spell casting ability.
Mike Sackton: Okay, the second creature takes six.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: And the main guy takes 20.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: we're both of them.
Timothy Sackton: TAO it does not blink away.
Mike Sackton: This is the most useful spell in the world i'm just debating with I use my inspiration to blink.
Timothy Sackton: Because.
Mike Sackton: After all, five or greater.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You say useful or useless.
Mike Sackton: I cast a spell blank I have not once had it take effect this entire fight.
Mike Sackton: it's super annoying.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to switch it out that's, by the way, i'm gonna roll my one day.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: Finally, della vanishes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tricky and shadow we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: OK, I can make an intelligent saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's Why do I have to do that everybody doesn't intelligent.
In it, so.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: The ah.
Timothy Sackton: Just as this this large hand is of seekers is floating around a large hand rises up around you and starts grasping and pummeling you.
Eric Rosenbaum: They may be really big summaries okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you take.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Two giant metal hands floating around right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: they're made of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this one also made ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: made of like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Greens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: eurythmics.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or is it no these dreams are made of these.
Timothy Sackton: um the sorry i'm cancer, the hand that is crushing you.
Timothy Sackton: Does.
Timothy Sackton: Does three points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To shot.
Timothy Sackton: And you are trapped by it's you're not restrained, you can move around and attack, but you can't move from your square it's sort of surrounding your legs to keep you from leaving this place okay well i'll be your up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she's a marrows dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): A.
Rev. David (he/him): pencil what are you doing.
Rev. David (he/him): Why are you wiggling like that man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm stuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the orcs Jesus Christ.
Rev. David (he/him): stuck by what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking magic hands kill us your bow and kill the fucking orcs.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, i'm not getting involved with invisible magic hands.
Rev. David (he/him): i'm gonna i'll shoot the which is more badly injured.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's hard to tell from this distance they're both wounded, the, the one that stunned is like.
Timothy Sackton: wiggling back and forth woozily.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Rev. David (he/him): Can I draw the line of sight on the caster i'll take the test, if I can.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he is behind a row of people and you're short.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would say he has cover for.
Timothy Sackton: him, but he has.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Here, and have had cover.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your your danger of shooting me.
Mike Sackton: yeah I pile on the leader, while you.
Mike Sackton: sneak attack, because you have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: You have advantage on the role already because he's done.
Timothy Sackton: So you could do something with your bonus action, besides aim if you wanted to.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, well let's shoot first and last question but.
Timothy Sackton: Note that Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: episode spell caster with a small chance of.
Timothy Sackton: Failure distracted by your conversation with kenzo and the arrow goes wide okay that stock leader is um.
Timothy Sackton: You know wiggling back and forth.
Rev. David (he/him): i'll come up.
Timothy Sackton: does nothing kenza Europe.
Rev. David (he/him): it's a kenza your your mind is astonishing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How the Fuck did you miss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You never miss.
Rev. David (he/him): At least i'm not pretending to be standing still.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo takes his staff and smashes I can still fight I just can't move out of the square.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright let's see.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: await your attacking the Stan leader.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you have advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why Oh, because he's done so I get to do is.
done.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is all right i'm going to i'll just all on our striking i'll just i'm not going to spend a key right now.
Timothy Sackton: You got another quarter staff as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I get three.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so that's the item of course again.
Timothy Sackton: With a delegate advantage but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My God I don't get advantage.
Timothy Sackton: You know, are you still get advantage for every attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh come on dude one more time.
Timothy Sackton: Roll again for advantage.
They.
Timothy Sackton: That kills him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow holy damage okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
Timothy Sackton: advantage for the win.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: level five all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huge and then I know I still have attack so i'm going to strike the cleric.
Timothy Sackton: yeah no advantage on this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't need to manage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It says.
Timothy Sackton: wow that hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like I got significantly nastier with this level up.
Timothy Sackton: yup level five as a large power spike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, adding a whole additional attack around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like really significant.
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: poem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: single handedly.
Timothy Sackton: You I try and crush them.
Mike Sackton: Well, I didn't quit the damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: single him.
and
Timothy Sackton: He found the strength saving throughout, so the hand graphs around the arc.
The.
Timothy Sackton: caster crushing him, you gotta roll I think of 2d six damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And he is restrained.
Timothy Sackton: Meaning he cannot move at attacks on him now have advantage.
Mike Sackton: hi dealt with reappears.
Mike Sackton: right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disappeared this pedal ends and came back.
Eric Rosenbaum: He went to talk.
Mike Sackton: And attack i've just attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Okay you're planning is to just kill them off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah oh no we don't want to interrogate them.
Mike Sackton: I see my 25 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: We have.
Mike Sackton: works now 13 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Being peaceful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he dead let's capture him.
Rev. David (he/him): Because he.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would just say don't you don't live.
Mike Sackton: Now, I can only read all languages.
Mike Sackton: I assume that you, Mrs.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we want to kill them, or do you want to knock them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: come out.
Mike Sackton: capture bad does I don't think I did I do enough damage on the.
Mike Sackton: 13.
Mike Sackton: yeah oh Why am I still rolling then i'm fine, we can knock them out.
Timothy Sackton: geez finally Okay, so I dealt with reappears and just wax this I mean his restrained he's not going anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: he's holding the genie out of this giant head.
Timothy Sackton: And you just walk along the side of the Haiti slumps over in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the clutches of this stone hand that.
Timothy Sackton: That can that secret has produced out of the earth.
Timothy Sackton: You can see below you now that the.
Timothy Sackton: The band here.
Timothy Sackton: has now been defeated and these troops are rushing to see if you need there's still three orcs fighting with with hop Dar down here hop stars band has taken the most casualties.
Timothy Sackton: If anybody wants to make an attack against those three orcs.
Timothy Sackton: Now chance.
Mike Sackton: Oh i'll just.
Mike Sackton: blast them why not.
Rev. David (he/him): yeah absolutely.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well your tax.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see down with that 70 it hits.
Mike Sackton: The 11 Mrs though right.
Timothy Sackton: 11 Mr 17 hits the 23 hits.
Mike Sackton: nine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so between.
Mike Sackton: Nine damage.
Timothy Sackton: Between the two of you, you kill one of them.
Timothy Sackton: or or kenzo do either of you want to do anything on the work below on the to any meaning or explore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any wearing middle.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, these are the base works that are wearing hide Armor they do have great access metal great axis.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the great X is the middle in skin contact, or do they have wouldn't have.
Timothy Sackton: I mean they have what in half, so I guess yes that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I haven't the second level shatters still.
Timothy Sackton: You could hit him both we shot her.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will make an explosion, as I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I did it twice.
Timothy Sackton: yeah 17.
visual.
Timothy Sackton: One of them, one of them succeed the other one fails, and is blown apart um and have Doris able have there's been is able to finish off the last orc.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet falls on the battlefield one or still trapped in a knocked unconscious and held tightly in a stone hand.
Timothy Sackton: A smattering of dead orcs around you.
Timothy Sackton: Several of have dark troop seem wounded unconscious or possibly dead it's hard to tell from this distance.
Timothy Sackton: Again, the the ones down here took the brunt of the attack.
Timothy Sackton: As.
Timothy Sackton: He signals to you and i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody takes a moment to breathe it's 1230 do you want to do interrogation now or in the beginning of next session next.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so we'll stop there, then.
Go.